Serlui is one of the 40 Legislative Assembly constituencies of Mizoram state in India.[1][2]
It is part of Kolasib district and is reserved for candidates belonging to the Scheduled Tribes.
24°27′46″N 92°45′35″E﻿ / ﻿24.462716°N 92.759729°E﻿ / 24.462716; 92.759729
Richard Hofstadter (August 6, 1916 – October 24, 1970) was an American historian and public intellectual of the mid-20th century. Hofstadter was the DeWitt Clinton Professor of American History at Columbia University. Rejecting his earlier historical materialist approach to history, in the 1950s he came closer to the concept of "consensus history", and was epitomized by some of his admirers as the "iconic historian of postwar liberal consensus."[5] Others see in his work an early critique of the one-dimensional society, as Hofstadter was equally critical of socialist and capitalist models of society, and bemoaned the "consensus" within the society as "bounded by the horizons of property and entrepreneurship",[5] criticizing the "hegemonic liberal capitalist culture running throughout the course of American history".[6]
His most widely read works are Social Darwinism in American Thought, 1860–1915 (1944); The American Political Tradition (1948); The Age of Reform (1955); Anti-intellectualism in American Life (1963); and the essays collected in The Paranoid Style in American Politics (1964). He was twice awarded the Pulitzer Prize: in 1956 for The Age of Reform, an analysis of the populism movement in the 1890s and the progressive movement of the early 20th century; and in 1964 for the cultural history Anti-intellectualism in American Life.[7] He was an elected member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences[8] and the American Philosophical Society.[9]
Hofstadter was born in Buffalo, New York, in 1916 to a Jewish father, Emil A. Hofstadter, and a German-American Lutheran mother, Katherine (née Hill), who died when Richard was ten.[10] He attended Fosdick-Masten Park High School in Buffalo. Hofstadter then studied philosophy and history at the University at Buffalo, from 1933, under the diplomatic historian Julius W. Pratt. Despite opposition from both families, he married Felice Swados (whose brother was Harvey Swados)[11] in 1936 after he and Felice spent several summers at Hunter Colony, New York, run by Margaret Lefranc, their close friend for years; they had one child, Dan.[12]
Hofstadter was raised as an Episcopalian but later identified more with his Jewish roots. Antisemitism may have cost him fellowships at Columbia and attractive professorships.[13] The Buffalo Jewish Hall of Fame lists him as one of the "Jewish Buffalonians who have made a lasting contribution to the world."[14]
In 1936, Hofstadter entered the doctoral program in history at Columbia University where his advisor Merle Curti was demonstrating how to synthesize intellectual, social, and political history based upon secondary sources rather than primary-source archival research.[15] In 1938, he became a member of the Communist Party USA, but soon became disillusioned by the Stalinist party discipline and show trials. After withdrawing from the party in August 1939 following the Hitler–Stalin Pact, he retained a critical left-wing perspective that was still obvious in American Political Tradition in 1948.[16]
Hofstadter earned his PhD in 1942. In 1944, he published his dissertation Social Darwinism in American Thought, 1860–1915. It was a commercially successful (200,000 copies) critique of late-19th-century American capitalism and its ruthless "dog-eat-dog" economic competition and Social Darwinian self-justification. Conservative critics, such as Irwin G. Wylie and Robert C. Bannister, disagreed with his interpretation.[17][18][19] The sharpest criticism of the book focused on Hofstadter's weakness as a researcher: "he did little or no research into manuscripts, newspapers, archival, or unpublished sources, relying instead primarily on secondary sources augmented by his lively style and wide-ranging interdisciplinary readings, thereby producing well-written arguments based on scattered evidence he found by reading other historians."[20]
From 1942 to 1946, Hofstadter taught history at the University of Maryland, where he became a close friend of the popular sociologist C. Wright Mills and read extensively in the fields of sociology and psychology, absorbing ideas of Max Weber, Karl Mannheim, Sigmund Freud, and the Frankfurt School. His later books frequently refer to behavioral concepts such as "status anxiety".[21][22]
In 1946, Hofstadter joined Columbia University's faculty, and in 1959 he succeeded Allan Nevins as the DeWitt Clinton Professor of American History, where he played a major role in directing Ph.D. dissertations. According to his biographer David Brown, after 1945 Hofstadter philosophically "broke" with Charles A. Beard and moved to the right, becoming leader of the "consensus historians," a term Hofstadter disapproved of, but that was widely applied to his apparent rejection of the Beardian idea that the sole basis for understanding American history is the fundamental conflict between economic classes.[23]
In a widely held revision of this view, Christopher Lasch wrote that, unlike the "consensus historians" of the 1950s, Hofstadter saw the consensus of classes on behalf of business interests not as a strength but "as a form of intellectual bankruptcy and as a reflection, moreover, not of a healthy sense of the practical but of the domination of American political thought by popular mythologies."[24]
As early as his American Political Tradition (1948), while still viewing politics from a critical left-wing perspective, Hofstadter rejected black-and-white polarization between pro-business and anti-business politicians.[25] Making explicit reference to Jefferson, Jackson, Lincoln, Cleveland, Bryan, Wilson, and Hoover, Hofstadter made a statement on the consensus in the American political tradition that has been seen as "ironic". He said:[26]
The fierceness of the political struggles has often been misleading: for the range of vision embraced by the primary contestants in the major parties has always been bounded by the horizons of property and enterprise. However much at odds on specific issues, the major political traditions have shared a belief in the rights of property, the philosophy of economic individualism, the value of competition; they have accepted the economic virtues of capitalist culture as necessary qualities of man.[27]
Hofstadter later complained that this remark in a hastily written preface requested by the editor had been the reason for "lumping him" unfairly into the category of "consensus historians" like Boorstin, who celebrated this kind of ideological consensus as an achievement, whereas Hofstadter deplored it.[28] Hofstadter expressed his dislike of the term consensus historian several times,[29] and criticized Boorstin for overusing the consensus and ignoring the essential conflicts in history.[30] In an earlier draft of the preface, he wrote:[31]
American politics has always been an arena in which conflicts of interests have been fought out, compromised, adjusted. Once these interests were sectional; now they tend more clearly to follow class lines; but from the beginning American political parties, instead of representing single sections or classes clearly and forcefully, have been intersectional and interclass parties, embracing a jumble of interests which often have reasons for contesting among themselves.
Hofstadter rejected Beard's interpretation of history as a succession of exclusively economically motivated group conflicts and financial interests of politicians. He thought that most of the periods of US history, except the Civil War, could be fully understood only by taking into account an implicit consensus, shared by all groups across the conflict lines. He criticized the generation of Beard and Vernon Louis Parrington because they had
put such an excessive emphasis on conflict, that an antidote was needed....  It seems to me to be clear that a political society cannot hang together, at all, unless there is some kind of consensus running through it, and yet that no society has such a total consensus as to be devoid of significant conflict. It is all a matter of proportion and emphasis, which is terribly important in history. Of course, obviously, we have had one total failure of consensus, which led to the Civil War.  One could use that as the extreme case in which consensus breaks down.[32]
In 1948 he published The American Political Tradition and the Men Who Made It, interpretive studies of 12 major American political leaders from the 18th to the 20th centuries. The book was a critical success and sold nearly a million copies at university campuses, where it was used as a history textbook; critics found it "skeptical, fresh, revisionary, occasionally ironical, without being harsh or merely destructive."[33] Each chapter title illustrated a paradox: Thomas Jefferson is "The Aristocrat as Democrat"; John C. Calhoun is the "Marx of the Master Class"; and Franklin Roosevelt is "The Patrician as Opportunist".[34] In writing the book, Hofstadter was influenced by literary figures as well as historians: two key influences on him were the critic Edmund Wilson and the novelist F. Scott Fitzgerald.[35] Hofstadter's style was so powerful and engrossing that professors kept assigning the book long after scholars had revised or rejected its main points.[36]
On April 13, 1970, less than a year before his death, Hofstadter wrote historian Bernard Bailyn, expressing concerns about scholarly depictions of recent studies by both of them as "consensus." Bailyn's response has not yet been examined by third-party sources.[37]
As a historian, Hofstadter's groundbreaking work came in using social psychology concepts to explain political history.[a] He explored subconscious motives such as social status anxiety, anti-intellectualism, irrational fear, and paranoia as they propel political discourse and action in politics. Historian Lloyd Gardner wrote that "in later essays Hofstadter specifically ruled out the possibility of a Leninist interpretation of American imperialism."[39]
The Age of Reform (1955) casts the Populist movement as a manifestation of the yeoman ideal in America's sentimental attachment to agrarianism and the farm's moral superiority to the city.  Hofstadter—himself very much a big-city person—noted the agrarian ethos was "a kind of homage that Americans have paid to the fancied innocence of their origins; however, to call it a myth does not imply falsity, because it effectively embodies the rural values of the American people, profoundly influencing their perception of the correct values, hence their political behavior." In this matter, the stress is on the importance of Jefferson's writings, and of his followers, in the development of agrarianism in the US, as establishing the agrarian myth, and its importance, in American life and politics—despite the rural and urban industrialization that rendered the myth moot.[40][page needed]
Anti-intellectualism in American Life (1963) and The Paranoid Style in American Politics (1965) describe American provincialism, warning against anti-intellectual fear of the cosmopolitan city, presented as wicked by the xenophobic and anti-Semitic Populists of the 1890s. They trace the direct political and ideological lineage between the Populists and anti-communist Senator Joseph McCarthy and McCarthyism, the political paranoia manifest in his time. Hofstadter's dissertation director Merle Curti wrote that Hofstadter's "position is as biased, by his urban background... as the work of older historians was biased by their rural background and traditional agrarian sympathies.”[41]
The Idea of a Party System (1969) describes the origins of the First Party System as reflecting fears that the (other) political party threatened to destroy the republic. The Progressive Historians: Turner, Beard, Parrington (1968) systematically analyzes and criticizes the intellectual foundations and historical validity of Beard's historiography and revealed Hofstadter's increasing inclination toward neoconservatism. Privately, Hofstadter said that Frederick Jackson Turner was no longer a useful guide to history, because he was too obsessed with the frontier and his ideas too often had "a pound of falsehood for every few ounces of truth."[b]
Howe and Finn argue that, rhetorically, Hofstadter's cultural interpretation repeatedly drew upon concepts from literary criticism ("irony," "paradox," "anomaly"), anthropology ("myth," "tradition," "legend," "folklore"), and social psychology ("projection," "unconsciously," "identity," "anxiety," "paranoid"). He artfully employed their explicit scholarly meanings and their informal prejudicial connotations. His goal, they argue, was "destroying certain cherished American traditions and myths derived from his conviction that they provided no trustworthy guide for action in the present."[43] Thus Hofstadter argued, "The application of depth psychology to politics, chancy though it is, has at least made us acutely aware that politics can be a projective arena for feelings and impulses that are only marginally related to the manifest issues."[44] C. Vann Woodward wrote that Hofstadter seemed "to have a solid understanding, if not a private affection" for "the odd, the warped, the 'zanies' and the crazies of American life—left, right and middle."[45]
Influenced by his wife, Hofstadter was a member of the Young Communist League in college, and in April 1938 he joined the Communist Party USA; he quit in 1939.[46] Hofstadter had been reluctant to join, knowing the orthodoxy it imposed on intellectuals, telling them what to believe and what to write. He was disillusioned by the spectacle of the Moscow Show Trials, but wrote: "I join without enthusiasm but with a sense of obligation.... [M]y fundamental reason for joining is that I don't like capitalism and want to get rid of it."[47] He remained anti-capitalist, writing, "I hate capitalism and everything that goes with it," but was similarly disillusioned with Stalinism, finding the Soviet Union "essentially undemocratic" and the Communist Party rigid and doctrinaire. In the 1940s, Hofstadter abandoned political causes, feeling that intellectuals were no more likely to "find a comfortable home" under socialism than they were under capitalism.[47][48]
Biographer Susan Baker writes that Hofstadter "was profoundly influenced by the political Left of the 1930s.... The philosophical impact of Marxism was so intense and direct during Hofstadter's formative years that it formed a major part of his identity crisis.... The impact of these years created his orientation to the American past, accompanied as it was by marriage, establishment of life-style, and choice of profession."[49] Geary concludes that, "To Hofstadter, radicalism always offered more of a critical intellectual stance than a commitment to political activism. Although Hofstadter quickly became disillusioned with the Communist Party, he retained an independent left-wing standpoint well into the 1940s. His first book, Social Darwinism in American Thought (1944), and The American Political Tradition (1948) had a radical point of view."[50]
In the 1940s, Hofstadter cited Beard as "the exciting influence on me".[51] Hofstadter specifically responded to Beard's social-conflict model of U.S. history, which emphasized the struggle among competing economic groups (primarily farmers, Southern slavers, Northern industrialists, and workers) and discounted abstract political rhetoric that rarely translated into action. Beard encouraged historians to search for economic belligerents' hidden self-interest and financial goals. By the 1950s and 1960s, Hofstadter had a strong reputation in liberal circles. Lawrence Cremin wrote that "Hofstadter's central purpose in writing history ... was to reformulate American liberalism so that it might stand more honestly and effectively against attacks from both left and right in a world which had accepted the essential insights of Darwin, Marx, and Freud."[52] Alfred Kazin identified his use of parody: "He was a derisive critic and parodist of every American Utopia and its wild prophets, a natural oppositionist to fashion and its satirist, a creature suspended between gloom and fun, between disdain for the expected and mad parody."[53]
In 2008, conservative commentator George Will called Hofstadter "the iconic public intellectual of liberal condescension" who "dismissed conservatives as victims of character flaws and psychological disorders—a 'paranoid style' of politics rooted in 'status anxiety.' etc. Conservatism rose on a tide of votes cast by people irritated by the liberalism of condescension."[54]
Angered by the radical politics of the 1960s, and especially by the student occupation and temporary closure of Columbia University in 1968, Hofstadter began to criticize student activist methods. His friend David Herbert Donald said, "as a liberal who criticized the liberal tradition from within, he was appalled by the growing radical, even revolutionary, sentiment that he sensed among his colleagues and his students. He could never share their simplistic, moralistic approach."[55] Brick says he regarded them as "simple-minded, moralistic, ruthless, and destructive."[56] Moreover, he was "extremely critical of student tactics, believing that they were based on irrational romantic ideas, rather than sensible plans for achievable change, that they undermined the unique status of the university, as an institutional bastion of free thought, and that they were bound to provoke a political reaction from the right."[57]  Coates argues that his career saw a steady move from left to right, and that his 1968 Columbia commencement address "represented the completion of his conversion to conservatism".[58]
Despite strongly disagreeing with their political methods, he invited his radical students to discuss goals and strategy with him. He even employed one, Mike Wallace, to collaborate with him on American Violence: A Documentary History (1970); Hofstadter student Eric Foner said the book "utterly contradicted the consensus vision of a nation placidly evolving without serious disagreements."[59]
Hofstadter planned to write a three-volume history of American society. At his death, he had only completed the first volume, America at 1750: A Social Portrait (1971).
Hofstadter died of leukemia on October 24, 1970, at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan, at age 54.[60] He showed more interest in his research than in his teaching. In undergraduate classes, he read aloud the draft of his next book.[61] Hofstadter directed more than 100 finished doctoral dissertations but gave his graduate students only cursory attention; he believed this academic latitude enabled them to find their own models of history. Among them were Herbert Gutman, Eric Foner, Lawrence W. Levine, Linda Kerber, and Paula S. Fass. Some, such as Eric McKitrick and Stanley Elkins, were more conservative than he; Hofstadter had few disciples and founded no school of history writing.[62][63]
Following Hofstadter's death, Columbia dedicated a locked bookcase of his works in Butler Library to him.[64] When the library's physical conditions deteriorated, his widow Beatrice asked that it be removed.
Richard Hofstadter Fellowship is a fellowship at Columbia University conferred upon an entering graduate student.[65][66]
Hofstadter married Beatrice Kevitt in 1947. She taught American history at Brooklyn College in the 1960s. After his passing, she married the journalist Theodore White in 1974.[67]
The Strand was the BBC World Service's daily arts show. It was launched on Monday 27 October 2008. The last weekday edition was aired on Friday 29 March 2013, and the last weekly summary on the subsequent weekend. It was regularly hosted by Harriett Gilbert, Mark Coles, Audrey Brown – who also presented the BBC's flagship African News and Current Affairs programmes Focus on Africa and Network Africa, Anna McNamee, and Bidisha.[1] The programme's title came from the Strand, a busy street in London close to the World Service's former studios at Bush House on Aldwych.
Harriett Gilbert regularly presented the Monday and Friday editions, as well as (on the first Saturday of every month) the new hour-long version of long-standing BBC World Service programme World Book Club. She said of the new programme: "I'm delighted to be presenting The Strand. As a daily programme, it will be a great position to reveal, explore and debate developments as they happen in the world of the arts – including, of course, the world of literature."
Mark Coles, who previously hosted The Beat and The Ticket on the World Service, is also a music journalist and won the Sony Reporter of the Year Award in 1993.[2]
The first programme featured: Roger Moore talking about his autobiography; a report on the cultural life available to the people of Gaza, in particular what people in Gaza are watching on satellite TV and how it affects their view of the world; a review of AC/DC's album Black Ice; and an interview with Steve McQueen about his film Hunger.
The Strand replaced a number of existing World Service arts programmes such as The Word, The Beat, On Screen, Culture Shock and The Ticket.[3]
Editions were also presented by Lawrence Pollard, Louise Fryer, Rajan Datar, Tim Marlow, and Aminatta Forna.
Arts topics were subsequently integrated into the show Outlook, the duration of which was extended to one hour as of Monday 1 April 2013.
World Book Club, an hour-long programme, occupies some of The Strand's slots in the schedule on the first Saturday in each month and during repeats on following days. Some of the "repeats" are a version edited to fit the usual half-hour slots of The Strand. World Book Club was previously a half-hour programme broadcast on the last Tuesday in each month, in the slot of now-defunct book programme The Word.
←
→
Events in the year 1992 in Portugal.Håkon Andreas Christie (30 August 1922 – 14 December 2010) was a Norwegian architectural historian, antiquarian and author. Together with his wife, Sigrid Marie Christie (18 April 1923 - 16  May 2004) he worked from 1950 on the history of Norwegian church architecture, particularly stave churches. Their research resulted in Norges Kirker which consisted of seven major volumes covering  churches in Østfold, Akershus and Buskerud.[1][2][3]
Christie was born at Nannestad in Akershus, Norway. He was the son of Hartvig Caspar Christie (1893-1959) and his wife  Elisabeth Theodora Stabell (1898-1977). His father was a Provost  who supervised Church of Norway parishes in Akershus  including  Østre Bærum, Høvik, Asker  and Nannestad. His family resided in the minister's house by Holter Church [no] in Nannestad. He participated in the resistance during Nazi occupation of Norway  and in 1945 he entered the Norwegian Institute of Technology in Trondheim, where he graduated in 1949.[4][5][6]
As a student, he worked as assistant to the architect Gerhard Fischer. He continued as an assistant to Fischer from 1950 and was hired as building historical consultant / research fellow at the Norwegian Directorate for Cultural Heritage project on Norwegian churches. From 1970, he was an antiquarian until he retired in 1991. He was a researcher from 1994 at the Norwegian Institute for Cultural Heritage Research.
[7][8]
Håkon  Christie was  a member of the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters and the Society of Antiquaries of Scotland. He was appointed a Knight of the 1st Class in the Order of St Olaf and was awarded the Grosch medal, Urnes Medal and Europa Nostra award.[9][10][11]
[12]
Sigrid Marie Bing Christie graduated from the University of Oslo in 1949 with a master's degree in art history. From 1950 to 1970, she was a research fellow with the Norwegian Research Council. She was a member of the Liturgy Commission of 1965 (Liturgikommisjonen av 1965) which undertake a comprehensive revision of the Liturgy of the Church of Norway.  She was  employed in the National Archives (Riksantivar)  from 1970. In 1974, she earned her Ph.D. She was a co-editor of the Norwegian Artists Lexicon (Norsk kunstnerleksikon) from 1978 to 1986. In 1988 Sigrid Christie became a knight of St. Olav's Order and in 1999 she received the  Urnes medal (Urnes-medaljen).[13][14]
[15]
Sigrid  Christie died in 2004 and  Håkon Christie in 2010. Both Håkon and Sigrid  Christie were buried in the churchyard of Ullern Church in the district of Ullern in Oslo.[16][17]Fox Fuse is a leading digital music label for Caribbean music and is the largest label worldwide for soca and chutney music.[1][2] Based in Tampa, Florida (previously in New York City), Fox Fuse has built a strong reputation working with superstar clients such as Pitbull, Lil Jon and Shaggy, and has some of the top performers and producers in Caribbean music exclusively-signed to its roster.[3]
Fox Fuse entered the music distribution business in February 2012, releasing Trinidadian soca star Farmer Nappy's album 'You Make Me...Surrender.'[4] Fox Fuse also released Farmer Nappy's hit album "Big People Party" in February 2014.[5]
On February 17, 2015, Fox Fuse released its first executive-produced compilation titled 'Get Soca 2015,' which debuted at #3 on the  Billboard's Reggae Albums chart [6] and remained on the chart for seven consecutive weeks.[7] 'Get Soca 2015' was also featured on the United States iTunes store homepage, during its week of release and it went on to peak at #3 on the United States iTunes store Reggae section Top Albums chart, #3 on the Canadian iTunes store World/Reggae Top Albums chart, and #10 on the United Kingdom iTunes store Reggae Top Albums chart.[8]
In May 2015, Fox Fuse released 'Stand And Be Counted' by Trinidadian Gospel reggae star Positive, which debuted at #9 on Billboard Top Reggae Albums chart, a major accomplishment for Caribbean Gospel music.[9]
In July 2015, Billboard cited Fox Fuse as being the "world’s largest distributor of Cropover music."[10] Fox Fuse released its second executive-produced compilation to celebrate the 2015 Cropover season, titled 'Fox Fuse Presents: Crop Over Soca 2015.'[11]
In keeping with its mission statement of providing a powerful channel for quality Caribbean music to the global audience, according to its website, Fox Fuse has over 70 exclusively-signed label partners, which includes production houses, producers and artists.[12] In August 2015, the Daily News (New York) stated that Fox Fuse "is currently the world’s largest music label for contemporary soca music."[13]
Fox Fuse delved into the artist management business in 2012 with Jamaican dancehall artist Stein.[14]
Fox Fuse was founded in 2007 by Rhona Fox.[15]  The company made a name for itself as a media-marketing agency for Caribbean music, representing acts such as Shaggy, Gyptian, Richie Spice, Kevin Lyttle, Drupatee Ramgoonai,[16] and Machel Montano.[17] Fox Fuse has also represented concerts like Best of the Best in Miami in 2009 and 2010, working with acts such as Diddy, Flo Rida, Rick Ross and Nicki Minaj. Rhona Fox served as the official spokesperson for the concert for those two years.[18] In 2012, Fox Fuse became a partnership when former VP Records licensing manager, Zack Cohen, joined the company and it evolved into a music label.
Vavaea amicorum is a tree in the family Meliaceae. The specific epithet amicorum means 'of friends' and refers to the Friendly Islands (Tonga), a part of the species' native distribution.[3]
Vavaea amicorum grows as a small tree, occasionally to 30 metres (100 ft) tall, with a bole diameter of up to 30 cm (12 in). Its smooth bark is brown, with lenticels. The leaves are obovate to oblanceolate and measure up to 22 cm (9 in) long.  The roundish fruits are purplish black.[3]
Vavaea amicorum is native to maritime Southeast Asia from Sumatra east to New Guinea. It is also native to tropical Australia, the Federated States of Micronesia, Fiji, Tonga and Vanuatu.[1] Its habitat is in forests, to elevations of 1,150 m (3,800 ft).[3] The species is present in protected areas such as Nadarivatu Forest Reserve in Fiji.[1]
The wood is locally used in construction and for furniture in New Guinea and the Philippines. The wood is used as incense in Sabah (Borneo).[3]Korovino (Russian: Коровино) is a rural locality (a village) in Nizhne-Vazhskoye Rural Settlement, Verkhovazhsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 9 as of 2002.[2]
Korovino is located 10 km south of Verkhovazhye (the district's administrative centre) by road. Kukolovskaya is the nearest rural locality.[3]

This Verkhovazhsky District location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lolita Euson (27 October 1914 – 13 August 1994) was a Dutch Antillean writer and poet. She was invested as a Knight of the Order of Orange-Nassau, and streets in both Sint Eustatius and San Nicolaas, Aruba, bear her name. In 1996, she was memorialized by an Arubian stamp, which depicts her likeness.
Lolita Esmeralda was born on the Dutch Antillean island of Sint Eustatius on 27 October 1914.[1][2][Notes 1] In 1936, she left Sint Eustatius and relocated to Aruba,[5] where she won acclaim for her weekly columns in the periodical The Local.[2] Euson published her first collection of poetry Sweet Praises in 1988, which won a Golden Poet Award from the World of Poetry in Sacramento, California[1][2] and was celebrated in a ceremony in San Nicolaas by local dignitaries.[6] The collection contained poems written in praise of various occasions, including national and religious themes,[5] and touched on the death of President John F. Kennedy as well as themes concerning the Dutch royal family.[7] Euson was invested as a Knight of the Order of Orange-Nassau.[1]
Euson died on 13 August 1994 in Aruba.[1] In 1995, her name was placed on a street in San Nicolas, Aruba.[1] There is also a street which bears her name in Sint Eustatius.[8] In 1996, a postage stamp bearing her likeness was issued in Aruba.[1] Posthumously, poems written by Euson have been included in Klaas de Groot's 2010 anthology of Caribbean writers, Vaar naar de vuurtoren (Sail to the Lighthouse)[9] and the 2014 volume, Moonlight on the Waves included previously unpublished poems by the author.[1][5] Similar to her previous volume, the poems tend to focus on religious and holiday themes.[5] She was the mother of the Caribbean singer Julio Euson.[7]Peyna Glacier (Bulgarian: ледник Пейна, romanized: lednik Peyna, IPA: [ˈlɛdnik ˈpɛjnɐ]) is the 11.4 km long and 3 km wide glacier on Pernik Peninsula, Loubet Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, situated southwest of Blagun Glacier and northeast of Murphy Glacier.  It flows northwestwards along Lane Ridge, and joins Murphy Glacier and Wilkinson Glacier.
The glacier is named after the settlement of Peyna in Northern Bulgaria.
Peyna Glacier is centred at 66°53′45″S 66°09′25″W﻿ / ﻿66.89583°S 66.15694°W﻿ / -66.89583; -66.15694.  British mapping in 1976.
This article includes information from the Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria which is used with permission.

This article about a glacier in Loubet Coast is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Gourdon (French pronunciation: [ɡuʁdɔ̃] ⓘ) is a commune in the Saône-et-Loire department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
The Treasure of Gourdon is a hoard of gold objects buried around the year 524 and unearthed in 1845 in the commune, which date to the end of the fifth or the beginning of the sixth century.
The Arconce forms part of the commune's southeastern border.

This Saône-et-Loire geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.William Krehm (November 23, 1913 – April 19, 2019) was a Canadian author, journalist, political activist and real estate developer. He was a prominent Trotskyist activist in the 1930s and went to Spain where he participated in the Spanish Civil War. In the 1980s he co-founded the Committee on Monetary and Economic Reform (COMER) and continued as the group's principal leader until his death in April 2019 at the age of 105.[1][2]
Krehm was born in Toronto to Hyman and Sarah Krehm, Jews who had left the Russian Empire separately between 1905 and 1910, before meeting and marrying in Toronto's St. John's Ward, known as The Ward, a working class district that was home to successive waves of immigrants.[3][4][5][6]  Hyman Krehm and his brother, Harry, had been furriers in Russia and continued that trade in Canada.[3] William Krehm was a talented violinist and his sister, Ida (1912-1998), a promising pianist prompting their parents to send both of them to  Chicago to study music in the 1920s.[3] While Ida remained in Chicago, ultimately marrying musician and industrialist Joseph Pick, and becoming a pianist and conductor of international renown,[3][7] William Krehm moved to New York City where he worked selling hats. After the 1929 Stock Market Crash, he became interested in Marxism.[5]
Returning to Toronto, he attended Parkdale Collegiate Institute and was a tutor to fellow student Gladys Cowan whom he would later marry.[3] Earlier, while in grade 9, he and his brother Aubrey organized a protest against an antisemitic teacher.[8] He graduated from high school in 1930 and studied mathematics at the University of Toronto for two years before dropping out for lack of funds.[5] Other sources, however, describe him as a University of Toronto graduate.[3]
Krehm had become a Trotskyist at the age of 16 while living in New York,[8] recruited to the movement by Albert Glotzer.[9] On returning to Canada, he joined the nascent Canadian Trotskyist movement in Toronto, which was a branch of the US-based Communist League of America. Krehm led a faction in opposition to Canadian Trotskyist leader Maurice Spector and dropped in and out of the organization, eventually moving to Montreal and becoming leader of the party branch there.[9][10] In 1934, Krehm and his followers, along with B. J. Field and his followers in the United States, left the CLA to form the Organizing Committee for a Revolutionary Workers Party (later known as the League for a Revolutionary Workers Party, and colloquially as the "Fieldites"), and affiliated with the international organization known as the International Bureau of Revolutionary Socialist Parties or London Bureau. Krehm became leader of the Canadian group and editor of its newspaper Workers' Voice.[10]
In July 1936, Krehm sailed to Europe via the RMS Empress of Britain.[11] Krehm went to Europe as the League for a Revolutionary Workers Party's delegate to a conference of the International Revolutionary Marxist Centre being held in Brussels in October.[12][3] He visited Barcelona for five days in September before returning to Belgium, and went back to Spain the following month, after the conference,[11][12] becoming one of 1,600 Canadians who volunteered to fight in the Spanish Civil War. Krehm left in late 1936 to attend a conference of left-wing groups in Paris and then went to London where he met Charles Donnelly, spending Christmas with him. Donnelly urged Krehm to join the International Brigades with him.[12] However, he decided to return to Spain on his own and joined the Partido Obrero de Unificación Marxista (POUM) as a propagandist, translator and journalist, and as such would occasionally visit the front lines,[3] and was one of the last survivors of that conflict.[6]
He met fellow POUM member Eric Arthur Blair, (better known by his pen name, George Orwell), and used to chat with him in the cafes of Barcelona.[6] Krehm was in Barcelona during the May Days street battles when the Comintern-affiliated Unified Socialist Party of Catalonia attempted to eliminate the POUM.[12] In June 1937,[3] after the POUM was outlawed by the Spanish Republic at the instigation of the Communist Party, the house in which Krehm was staying was raided by Spanish secret police and he and his comrades were detained with Krehm under suspicion of being a spy[3][12] He spent three months in jail[6] and was released after a hunger strike,[5] driven by police to the French border, and expelled from Spain in August 1937,[3] arriving in Halifax at the end of November.[11] Krehm returned to Toronto where he wrote a pamphlet, Spain: Revolution and Counter-Revolution, and toured Canada and the US giving speeches about his experiences in Spain.[5][12]
Krehm resumed his leadership of the Canadian section of the League for a Revolutionary Workers Party which was, for a time, larger and more active than the official Trotskyist group it had split from.[10] In response to separate fascist rallies being planned by the Canadian Union of Fascists and what became the National Unity Party of Canada, Krehm and the LRWP organized the Provisional Anti-Fascist Committee to organize counterdemonstrations. The committee consisted of the League for a Revolutionary Workers’ Party, the Toronto branch of the Industrial Workers of the World, Toronto Libertarian Group (an anarchist group founded by Emma Goldman while she was living in Toronto), and working-class Jewish organizations such as the Workmen’s Circle. In early June 1938, Krehm's committee organized a counterdemonstration against the Canadian Union of Fascists' rally at Princes' Hall on Bloor Street. The demonstrators were able to block access to the hall with 200 to 300 protesters throwing tomatoes at the 26 attendees of the fascist rally. Several days later, Krehm's group organized a protest against the first joint rally of the Canadian Nationalist Party and Adrien Arcand and his Christian National Socialist Party at Forester's Hall on June 9, 1938. Krehm's Provisional Anti-Fascist Committee rallied 200 people south of Forester's Hall. Police had a larger presence due to the violence at the previous rally and prevented the protesters from blocking the road, sidewalk, or entrance to the hall.[13]
The CNP and Arcand's group held a final joint rally on July 4, 1938 at Massey Hall in Toronto in order to launch a new organization, the National Unity Party of Canada. The Co-operative Commonwealth Federation and Communist Party of Canada refused to organize an attempt to stop the rally. Instead, the CCF held its own rally at Queen's Park, which drew around 500 people, and the Communist Party, through its affiliate, the Canadian League for Peace and Democracy, organized a mass rally of 10,000 people at Maple Leaf Gardens at the same time as the fascist rally at Massey Hall. Krehm's Provisional Anti-Fascist Committee persisted and organized a rally of between 500 and 900 people a block away from Massey Hall with the intention of marching to the building. As Krehm began to speak, police on horseback and on foot surrounded the protesters while Krehm shouted "Down with fascism, down with the police, and down with the police commission!" The police, claiming that the "temper of the crowd was getting ugly", and decided to disperse the rally. Officers approached Krehm and ordered him to step down and call off the rally. He refused, and was charged with obstructing police. Three others were also arrested when they attempted to intercede on Krehm's behalf. Krehm and his colleague were found guilty and fined $25 each.[14][15][13] In response, a solidarity rally was organized in the United States which organizers estimated to have attracted 4,000 protesters.[16]
Finding that the Trotskyist movement had dwindling support, and increasingly disillusioned by revolutionary politics following his experiences in Spain, Krehm moved to Mexico, arriving with only $270 in his pocket,[5] in the hopes of working as a foreign correspondent.[3] When World War II broke out he wanted to return to Canada to enlist in the military but couldn't when he found he was not allowed to cross the border into the United States.[5]
While in Mexico City, he sought and was granted an interview with Leon Trotsky but the exiled Soviet revolutionary was assassinated on August 21, 1940, before the interview could take place.[3] Krehm stood guard over his body at his funeral.[5]
Krehm would remain in Latin America for eight years. During this period, Gladys left Canada to join him and they married and had a son, Adam, while the couple was living in Peru.[3] After struggling for several years as a freelance journalist, Krehm was hired by Time Magazine in 1943 as the magazine's correspondent in Latin America.[6][5][3] With the emergence of the Cold War, Krehm was fired by Time in 1947 after writing several articles[5] and a book critical of American intervention in Latin America and the Caribbean.[3]
Unemployed, Krehm returned to Canada in 1948 with his wife and worked as a music critic for The Globe and Mail and CBC Radio,[3] appearing on CJBC Views The Shows in the mid-1950s.[5][17][18]
As the Cold War intensified in the 1950s, Krehm found that his radical past imperiled his employability. His home was frequently visited by the RCMP Security Service and his appearances on CBC came to an end.[3]
Finding it difficult to sustain enough employment to support his family, which had grown with the birth of a second son, Jonathan,[3] Krehm decided to start his own business as a home builder and property developer in the mid-1950s.[3] In 1963, he and his brother-in-law, Ben Cowan, founded what became O'Shanter Development Co.[19][20] Benefiting from the post-war property development boom in the Toronto suburbs during the post-war housing boom, Krehm became wealthy and O'Shanter became one of Toronto's biggest landlords. In the 1970s and 80s, he campaigned against rent control after it was introduced by the provincial government.[20][5]
Krehm retired from O'Shanter in the 1980s, turning the operation of the company over to his sons, who continue to own and operate it today.[3][19]
Krehm retired in the 1980s and devoted his time to studying and writing on economics, co-founding the Committee on Monetary and Economic Reform later in the 1980s.[5]
In 2011, Krehm was the co-plaintiff in a suit by COMER against the Bank of Canada in an attempt to compel it to provide debt-free support for public projects undertaken by federal, provincial and city governments. The plaintiffs argued that by not doing so, the bank was violating the Bank of Canada Act. The lawsuit also alleged that the federal government had ceded its sovereign ability to conduct independent monetary policy to "secret" deliberations and  private foreign bankers.[21] The case was dismissed by the Federal Court of Appeal in 2016.[22] In May 2017, the Supreme Court of Canada denied the plaintiffs' request for leave to appeal.[23]
Krehm continued playing violin into his 90s.[3] He died, aged 105, in Toronto in 2019.[3]
32°44′39.9″N 83°01′25.3″W﻿ / ﻿32.744417°N 83.023694°W﻿ / 32.744417; -83.023694
Freedom is a settlement in the U.S. state of Georgia established in September 2020, in the wake of a breakdown of race relations after the killing of several African Americans, including the murder of Ahmaud Arbery in Georgia.[1] It was created by 19 African-American families who together purchased 96.71 acres (39.14 hectares) of land in Wilkinson County, near Macon, with the goal of incorporating a city that is a "safe haven for people of color".[2][3][4]
Freedom was inspired by a June 2020 viral false news story that the nearby town of Toomsboro, Georgia, was for sale. Although Toomsboro was not for sale as the town's mayor explained, a large amount of rural land near the town was available for purchase. This inspired Renee Walters and Ashley Scott, a realtor from Stonecrest, to create the Freedom Georgia Initiative and propose purchasing the 96.71 acres (39.14 hectares) of land. They brought together 19 African-American families who raised the money to purchase the land.[2] The settlement is located about 130 miles (210 kilometres) south of Atlanta.[5] As of July 2023, the settlement consists of a dilapidated campground, and its founders are working on establishing roads and utility services before beginning building residences.[1] Currently, the settlement consists of more than 500 acres (200 hectares) throughout two parcels.[6] As of May 2024, construction for permanent dwellings or vital infrastructure has not begun.[7]

This Wilkinson County, Georgia state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
John Luke
John Luke
The 1917 Wellington City mayoral election was part of the New Zealand local elections held that same year. In 1917, elections were held for the Mayor of Wellington plus other local government positions including fifteen city councillors, also elected biannually. The polling was conducted using the standard first-past-the-post electoral method.
John Luke, the incumbent Mayor sought re-election and retained office unopposed with no other candidates emerging.[1] The current Labour Party contested its first election since unification the previous year. It put forward a small ticket that was still large enough to win a majority, however just as in 1915 no Labour candidates were successful.[2]

This New Zealand election-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bachhraon is a city and a municipal board in Amroha district  in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India.
Bachhraon is located at 28°56′N 78°13′E﻿ / ﻿28.93°N 78.22°E﻿ / 28.93; 78.22 near eastern bank of the Ganges river.[1] It has an average elevation of 209 metres (685 feet).
As of 2011[update] India census,[2] Bachhraon had a population of 31,101. Males constitute 53% of the population and females 47%. Bachhraon has an average literacy rate of 46%, lower than the national average of 59.5%; with 61% of the males and 31% of females literate. 19% of the population is under 6 years of age.
Many ethnic groups and cultures are represented in this town. Muslims constitute more than 75% of the population.
Hindustani language (incorporates Urdu in the local dialect of Hindi) is the principal spoken language while Hindi, English & Urdu are the principal written languages.
Bachhraun's land is famous for many Muslim saints (walis) and Sufi shrines. Some famous saints are Haji Sahab Peer, Aughat Shah Warsi, Faiz Ali Shah, Sufi Salman Shah, Shah Azam, and Moulvi Sultan Hasan.
The town's mosques include Jama Masjid, Pathar Wali Masjid (stone mosque), and Khoti Wali Masjid Lal Masjid and its temples, Mahadev Mandir, Sotiwala Mandir and Shiv Mandir. Mahadev Temple is the biggest and oldest temple of the lot and is believed to have a natural shivling.
The Urs (death anniversary) of Aughat Shah Warsi and Haji Peer Sahab as well as annual Ramlila are celebrated.
Bachhraon is an old town, said to have been founded by a Tyagi raja named Bachhraj at the time of Prithviraj III of Delhi. The town has an old mosque that was built in 1288, during the reign of Mu'izz ud-Din Kaiqubad, indicating that Bachhraon had come under the Delhi Sultanate by that time.[3] The town was the seat of a pargana by the time of Akbar, mentioned in the Ain-i-Akbari as being part of the sarkar of Sambhal. It produced a revenue of 828,322 dams for the imperial treasury and a force of 300 infantry and 50 cavalry to the Mughal army.[4] Also during the reign of Akbar, the town was granted, along with 156 villages, to a Tyagi convert to Islam whose descendants remained the local chaudharys until modern times.[3]
Around the turn of the 20th century, Bachhraon was described as a mostly Muslim town with six muhallas: Baqabad, Peshthana, Sheikhzadagan, Pirzadagan, Chaudhrian, and Qanungoyan. It consisted of an area of 2,340 acres, about evenly divided between the Chaudharys and the town's various Maulvi families. There were extensive mango orchards, especially on the north and west sides of town. Markets were held weekly, but they were only significant locally. Bachhraon had several mosques, a serai, a police station, a post and telegraph office, a cattle-pound, an upper primary school, and a small girls' school.[3]
There is a historical "Sherpur" railway station, which was used for hunting in nearby forest by British at time of colonial rule.[citation needed]
The city is known for the farming of more than 100 varieties of mangoes, and is one of the biggest mango producers in northern India. Bachhraon is a marketplace for agricultural products. The orchard of Molvi Sultan Hasan has mango varieties langra and bambai. Its main industries are Agriculture based, hand-loom weaving and mini-sugar plants.[citation needed]
Bachhraon features an atypical version of a humid subtropical climate, with long very hot summers and brief mild winters. Summers are long and hot, from early April to mid-October, with the monsoon season in between. Beginning of March sees a reversal in the direction of wind, from the north-western direction, to the south-western. These bring the hot waves from Rajasthan, carrying sand and are called "Loo". The months of April to May see a time of hot prickling heat. Monsoon arrives at the end of June, bringing some respite from the heat, but increasing humidity at the same time. Winter starts in late November and peaks in January and is notorious for its heavy fog. Extreme temperatures range from −0.6 °C to 43.5 °C. The annual mean temperature is 25 °C monthly mean temperatures range from 13 °C to 32 °C. The average annual rainfall is approximately 720 mm most of which is during the monsoons in July and August. The average date of the advent of monsoon winds in Bachhraon is 29 June.[citation needed]Fed. 200D near Mazatan, Nayarit
Federal Highway 70D is the designation for toll highways paralleling Mexican Federal Highway 70.
The 68.5 kilometres (42.6 mi) of the highway from Ríoverde to Ciudad Valles, and another 49.1 kilometres (30.5 mi) connecting Ciudad Valles to Tamuín while bypassing both cities, form Highway 70D in San Luis Potosí, legally known as Rayón-Entronque Tamuín.[2] The former segment entered service on October 1, 2013; the latter was formally opened on July 6, 2016.[3]
The 13.6 kilometres (8.5 mi) is second segment of Highway 70D is located in Tamaulipas. It is also known as the Libramiento Poniente de Tampico (Tampico Western Bypass) or the Maxi Libramiento Tampico. The road is operated by Caminos y Puentes Federales, which charges a toll of 26 pesos per car to travel the full length of Highway 70D.[4]
The 184.0 kilometres (114.3 mi)[5] is the 3rd segment of the Highway 70D it Will serve to bypass Mexican Federal Highway 68D so it can cut time to Puerto Vallarta from 4 hrs to 1 hr 30 min. The total cost of the segment is 134 pesos To ride Completely.[6] From Jala to Compostela the 55.1 kilometres (34.2 mi)[7] road is open and fully operational since February 13, 2017. The rest of the Highway from Compostela and Las Vartas to Puerto Vallarta is under construction, this 128.9 kilometres (80.1 mi) stretch has no set opening date due to the delays of construction since it does not have the necessary environmental and right-of-way permits issued by the SEMARNAT and the SCT and also, due to lack of resources from the public budget caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Highway is maintained by three different operators. First, the 55.1 kilometres (34.2 mi) Jala to Compostela road stretch is Maintained by OCACSA.[8] Second, the under construction and unopened 128.9 kilometres (80.1 mi) stretch or road from Compostela to Puerto Vallarta will be maintained by CAPUFE from Compostela to Las Varas. Finally, from Las Varas to Puerto Vallarta it will be maintained by Autopista Las Varas - Puerto Vallarta S.A. de C.V. a subsidiary of Impulsora del Desarrollo Económico de América Latina (IDEAL)[9] owned by Carlos Slim and his company Grupo Carso.[10]Talas (Kazakh: Талас ауданы, Talas audany) is a district of Jambyl Region in south-eastern Kazakhstan. The administrative center of the district is the town of Karatau.[1]
Akkol village and Lake Akkol are located in the district.[2][3]

This Kazakhstan location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Ab Bid-e Galleh Tavak (Persian: اب بيدگله توك, also Romanized as Āb Bīd-e Galleh Tavak; also known as ‘Ābīd)[1] is a village in Qaleh-ye Khvajeh Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 279, in 48 families.[2]
This Andika County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Norman Murray Parker (born 28 August 1948) is a former New Zealand cricketer who played in three Test matches and one One Day International during 1976.[1]
Parker was born in Dannevirke and grew up in Warkworth in the Northland Region, where he attended Mahurangi College. Later he studied at the University of Otago before going to a teachers' college in Christchurch.[2] His first post as a teacher was at Timaru Boys' High School, where he taught science and physical education from 1971 to 2013. His wife Verna, whom he married in 1970, taught at Timaru Girls' High School.[3]
His highest first-class cricket score was 135 in his first game for Canterbury in 1973–74, in a team total of 225.[4] He also played for South Canterbury in the Hawke Cup.[3]
His brother John also played Test cricket for New Zealand and was in the team with Murray for his four international matches. His son Mark was also a promising cricketer, but his professional career was cut short when he was killed in the 2002 Bali bombings.[5]

This biographical article related to a New Zealand cricket person born in the 1940s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The list of ship launches in 1932 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1932.
Hüseyin Saygun (1920 – 31 March 1993) was a Turkish footballer.[1] He competed in the men's tournament at the 1948 Summer Olympics.[2]

This biographical article relating to Turkish football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Jesse Anderson Lujan (born September 27, 1955)[1][2] is a Guamanian politician. He serves as a member of the Guam Legislature.[3][4]
This article about a Guamanian politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Vito De Filippo (born 27 August 1963) is an Italian politician. He served as the president of Basilicata from 6 May 2005 until his resignation on 24 April 2013 during his second term. From 2014 to 2018, he served as the state undersecretary of the Ministry of Health and undersecretary of the Ministry of Education in Matteo Renzi and Enrico Letta's governments, respectively, and was a deputy from 2018 to 2022. In 2022, his senatorial candidacy was unsuccessful.
De Filippo was born in Sant'Arcangelo, in the Basilicata region, to Nicola De Filippo and Rosa Maria Briamonte, belonging to an ancient family of farmers present in the municipality for centuries as certified by the 18th-century Onciario Land Registry. De Filippo graduated in philosophy with honours at the University of Naples Federico II and became a journalist; he collaborated with philosophy magazines and various national and local newspapers. He also worked for a local TV. His political activity began in the Italian People's Party, the left-leaning legal successor of Christian Democracy, at the age of 26, in the Provincial Council of Potenza; he held the office of provincial health assessor and vice-president of the province of Potenza.[1]
In 1995, De Filippo became regional councilor of Basilicata; he held the position of group leader and regional assessor for Agriculture. In 2000, he was reconfirmed regional councilor and became vice-president of the Regional Council of Basilicata and Regional Health Assessor. In 2002, he joined Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy. In 2003, he was appointed president of the Regional Council of Basilicata.[1] In 2005, De Filippo was elected president of Basilicata, becoming the region's youngest president, and was re-confirmed in 2010 as member of the Democratic Party, a merge of the Italian Communist Party and Christian Democracy's legal successor parties, which he joined in 2007. In both occasions, he won in a landslide, being in percentage terms the most voted president of an Italian region.[1]
On 24 April 2013, the prosecutor of Potenza arrested two Regional Assessors of the De Filippo Cabinet: the Assessor for Labour Vincenzo Viti (Democratic Party) and the Assessor for Agriculture Rosa Mastrosimone (Italy of Values), as well as the head of the opposition Nicola Pagliuca (The People of Freedom), establishing the prohibition of residence for 11 between councilors and former councilors for embezzlement in the scandal of repayments to regional groups.[nb 1] On the same day, De Filippo appointed a new cabinet, the third of the legislature, and presented his resignation as president of the region.[2][3] In January 2015, due to the illicit repayments obtained between 2009 and 2010, De Filippo was sentenced by the Court of Accounts of Potenza to "compensate the damage produced to the Basilicata Region" for the amount of €2,641.52.[4][nb 2] Other 21 administrators and regional councilors were sentenced (including Marcello Pittella, his successor to the presidency of the region) for a total of €196,000. In November 2016, De Fillippo was acquitted.[5]
After his resignation as president of Basilicata, De Filippo was appointed Undersecretary of State of the Ministry of Health as part of the Renzi Cabinet and Undersecretary of State of the Ministry of Education in the Gentiloni Cabinet. In the 2018 Italian general election, he was elected a member of the Chamber of Deputies among the ranks of the Democratic Party. In 2019, he followed Matteo Renzi's split from the Democratic Party and joined Italia Viva. In 2021, he exited Italia Viva and re-joined the Democratic Party, being the first Italia Viva member of the Italian Parliament to do so. De Filippo did not share Renzi and Italia Viva's role in the 2021 Italian government crisis that led to the fall of the second Conte government in the middle of the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy. He said: "Italia Viva's choice to open the crisis while the country is going through so much difficulty and suffering was wrong."[6] As part of the Democratic Party – Democratic and Progressive Italy list in the 2022 Italian general election, he was a candidate for the Senate of the Republic in Basilicata but was not elected.[7]
De Filippo has been married since 1988 to Rosa Tutino, with whom he has two children: Valentina and Nico, born in 1990 and 1993, respectively.[1]

This article about a Democratic Party (Italy) politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.September 1923 (福田村事件, Fukudamura jiken, lit. 'Fukuda Village Incident') is a Japanese film about the Fukuda Village Incident, in which nine ethnic Japanese people, including women and children, were killed on suspicion that they were ethnic Koreans. It was released on September 1, 2023, the 100th anniversary of the Kantō Massacre.[1][2]
The film won the New Currents award at the 28th Busan International Film Festival.[3]
The director, Tatsuya Mori, first learned of this incident through a small newspaper article about a movement to establish a memorial to the victims. However, he had difficulty finding records on the details of the incident. The contemporary president of the neighborhood association that the victims came from speculated that the six surviving members may have avoided speaking out about the incident, as they felt that they would have been ignored as burakumin. However, the president also expressed apprehension about the film, and said "Digging up the incident might lead to younger generations experiencing discrimination against our community once again. We don't want our children to experience the discrimination we went through".[4]
Mori described his motivation as follows:[1]
In modern Japan, I think there is a strong and growing tendency to look away from our negative history. But I believe that people grow up by remembering their mistakes.
They had difficulty raising funds for the film due to its subject matter, but eventually managed to raise 35 million yen ($253,000) through a crowdfunding campaign. They also had difficulty with casting, as talent agencies often avoid having their actors appear in controversial films. In spite of this, well-known actors, including Rena Tanaka and Arata Iura, ended up appearing in the film. Tanaka stated that she was motivated to participate in the film due to parallels that she felt between the murders and events in the contemporary Russian invasion of Ukraine. Iura admired Mori's goals for creating the film, and had already acted in films with strong social messages before.[1]
Principal photography for the film began on August 20, 2022, and lasted until mid-September. Shooting took place mainly in Kyoto and Shiga prefectures.[1]
Alexei Mikhailovich Lidov (Russian: Алексей́ Михай́лович Ли́дов) is a Russian art historian and byzantinist, an author of the concepts hierotopy and spatial icon, member of the Russian Academy of Arts.
Lidov was born in Moscow on March 9, 1959. His father, Mikhail Lidov, was a Russian space scientist; his mother, Diana – a mathematician. Upon the graduation from the department of art history of the Moscow State University in 1981, his first appointment was at the State Museum of Oriental Art in Moscow. He earned a PhD in art history from the Moscow State University in 1989. In 1991 he founded the Research Center for the Eastern Christian Culture, an independent non-governmental organization, and has worked as its director. In  2008—2009 he served as the vice-president of the Russian Academy of Art. Since  2010 he works at the Institute of World Culture at the Moscow State University as director of the Department of Ancient Culture. Lidov has lectured at Princeton, Harvard, Columbia, Oxford, Cambridge, Sorbonne universities et al. He initiated several research programs and organized nine international symposia on iconographical and hierotopical subjects.
During his studies at the University of Moscow Lidov specialized in the Byzantine art history. While working as a researcher at the State Museum of Oriental Art, he studied the Christian art of Armenia and Georgia. Building upon the material of his PhD thesis, he published in 1991 his first book[1] about the mural paintings of the Akhtala monastery in Armenia. In this book he characterized the art of chalcedonian Armenians as a separate iconographic tradition, which combined Byzantine, Georgian and Armenian elements.[2]
Drawing upon the seminal works of A. Grabar, H.Belting, H. Maguire and Chr. Walter, Lidov developed a method of interpretational iconography, which he put into practice in his study of liturgical themes in the Byzantine art and of the symbolism of Heavenly Jerusalem.[3] Lidov has shown that new theological ideas, formulated in the wake of the Great Schism of 1054, engendered a new kind of Byzantine church iconography[4] with the dominant themes of Christ the Priest[5] and the Communion of the Apostles. After his trip to the Saint Catherine's Monastery in 1996, Lidov published a book-album with the description of its unique collection of icons.[6]
Later Lidov turned to the study of miracle-working icons and Christian relics, which was quite a new subject in art history. In 2000 he initiated a program of research and cultural activities “Christian relics”, which included, in particular, two exhibitions and an international conference. During this period Lidov wrote several papers on the Hodegetria of Constantinople[7] and the Holy Mandylion.[8] While studying the role of miraculous icons and relics in the formation of sacred spaces in the Eastern Christian tradition, Lidov has formulated a new concept of hierotopy. The term hierotopy has two meanings. It is the creation of sacred spaces as a special form of human creativity and also a related academic field, which spans art history, archaeology, anthropology, and religious studies.[9] Hierotopy accounts not only for artistic images and the symbolic world they form, but also for the entire collection of various media that serve to organize a sacred space into a spatial icon. The perception of sacred spaces has been analyzed by Lidov in terms of image-paradigms,[10] which reflect the experience of a sacred space in its wholeness and are distinct from any illustrative pictures.
Stellaria graminea is a species of flowering plant in the family Caryophyllaceae known by the common names common starwort,[2] grass-leaved stitchwort,[2] lesser stitchwort[3] and grass-like starwort.[4]
Stellaria graminea is a rhizomatous perennial herb producing branching stems which are prostrate, sprawling, trailing, or erect, and reach up to about 90 centimeters long. The stems are four-angled, weak, and hairless. It is lined with pairs of linear or lance-shaped leaves, each 1–4 centimetres (0.4–1.6 in) long. The leaves are smooth-edged and hairless except for some hairs lining the bases. The inflorescence bears several flowers, each on a short pedicel. The flower has five pointed green sepals each a few millimeters long which are usually lined with hairs. There are five white petals, each so deeply lobed it appears to be two. The seeds are reddish brown in colour and are 1 millimetre (0.04 in) in diameter.[2]
It bears 10 stamens.[5]
It is native to Eurasia and widespread in other parts of the temperate world as an introduced species and a common weed.[6]
It grows in many types of habitat, including lawns and roadsides.[vague][citation needed]
Mordechai Shmuel Ashkenazi (1943 – January 14, 2015) was an Orthodox rabbi and a member of the Chabad movement of Hasidic. Ashkenazi was the chief rabbi of the Kfar Chabad Chabad community in Israel from 1983 until his death, and was an authority on Halakha (Jewish law).
Ashkenazy said that long wigs were inappropriate for use as a hair covering under the halachik definition of tzniut.[2][3]
He was a grandson of Rabbi Meir Ashkenazi, former chief rabbi of Shanghai. His son Schneur became the chief rabbi of Rishon L'tzion, Israel.[4]

This biographical article about an Israeli rabbi is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Baron Rea, of Eskdale in the County of Cumberland, is a title in the Peerage of the United Kingdom.[2] It was created in 1937 for the businessman and Liberal politician Sir Walter Rea, 1st Baronet, who had earlier represented Scarborough, Bradford North and Dewsbury in the House of Commons. He had already been created a Baronet, of Eskdale in the County of Cumberland, in 1935.[3] He was succeeded by his eldest son, the second Baron. During the Second World War he served as personal staff officer to Brigadier Colin Gubbins, the Head of SOE, a key British intelligence and guerrilla operations agency. Lord Rea served as Leader of the Liberal Party in the House of Lords from 1955 to 1967. His daughter, the Right Hon. Ann Felicity Rea, married SOE veteran Malcolm Munthe in 1945. His nephew, the third Baron, who succeeded in 1981, was a physician. He was one of the ninety elected hereditary peers elected to remain in the House of Lords after the passing of the House of Lords Act 1999, and sat on the Labour benches. As of 2020[update] the titles are held by his son, the fourth Baron, who succeeded his father in that year.
Russell Rea, father of the first Baron, was also a Member of Parliament and had been admitted to the Privy Council in 1909. The sculptor Betty Rea was the wife of the Hon. James Rea, younger son of the first Baron. They were the parents of the third Baron.
The family surname and the title of the barony, Rea, is pronounced "Ree".
The heir presumptive is the present holder's brother Hon. Daniel William Rea (b. 1958), whose heir is his eldest son William Alexander Rea (b. 1991)[4]

United Arab Emirates Standard Time or UAE Standard Time is the time zone for the UAE. It is given by Gulf Standard Time, being 4 hours ahead of GMT/UTC (UTC+04:00) and is co-linear with neighbouring Oman. The UAE does not change clocks for daylight saving time.[1]
The IANA time zone database contains one zone for the UAE in the file zone.tab, named "Asia/Dubai".

This United Arab Emirates-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This standards- or measurement-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Jean Victor Arthur Guillou (18 April 1930 – 26 January 2019) was a French composer, organist, pianist, and pedagogue. Principle Organist at Saint Eustache in Paris, from 1963 to 2015, he was widely known as a composer of instrumental and vocal music focused on the organ, as an improviser, and as an adviser to organ builders. For several decades he held regular master classes in Zurich and in Paris.
Guillou was born in Angers. Following his first studies in piano and organ, he became the organist at the church St. Serge in Angers at the age of 12.[1] He studied at the Paris Conservatoire under Marcel Dupré, Maurice Duruflé and Olivier Messiaen.[2][3] In 1952, while still studying, Guillou played the premiere of his organ transcription of The Musical Offering by Johann Sebastian Bach at Erskine and American United Church in Montreal, Canada.[4] In 1955, he accepted a position as professor of organ and composition at the Institute of Sacred Music in Lisbon.[1] During this time, he wrote his first compositions (Fantaisie op. 1, Colloque no. 1, and parts of Colloque no. 2).[5] Due to health reasons, Guillou underwent long term medical treatment in Berlin and relocated to this city in 1958. During the following five years, he composed numerous works and made his first recordings at Lutherkirche and St. Matthias church.[6] During this time, he met composer Max Baumann, who wrote his first organ compositions (Invocation op. 67 no. 5, Trois pièces brèves op. 67 no. 6, Psalmi op. 67 no. 2) for Guillou, who premiered these works in a concert on 20 January 1963 at St. Matthias church in Berlin.[7] In 1963 he returned to Paris, having been appointed Principle Organist at Saint-Eustache in succession to André Marchal. He would play on the instrument there, the second largest organ in France, for more than 50 years, until 2015.[2] Appointed Organiste Titulaire Emerite at St. Eustache in September 2014, Guillou completed 52 years as organist at Saint-Eustache in March 2015,[2][8] when he was succeeded by two co-titulaires.[9] On 22 April 1966 Guillou gave his debut concert at the Berliner Philharmonie, where he played Max Reger's Phantasia and Fugue on BACH op. 46 at the occasion of the Fiftieth Anniversary of Reger's death.[10] On 6 October 1966 Guillou played the world premiere of his organ work Pour le Tombeau de Colbert at the Berliner Philharmonie.[11]
He had a worldwide reputation as a concert organist and improviser.[8] Additionally, he often performed as a pianist.[2] He gave the English and French premieres of Julius Reubke's Piano Sonata in B-flat minor.[1]
Guillou's engagement in organ building led to collaborations with several organ builders and the construction of new instruments, including  in the Tonhalle of Zurich  and in the Auditorio de Tenerife.[12]
He composed over 90 works – for organ, chamber and orchestral music – as well as numerous transcriptions for organ, originally published by Éditions Alphonse Leduc, from 2000 and later by Schott Music, Mainz. In addition, he has issued more than 100 recordings (Philips, Dorian, Festivo, Decca, Augure among others) including the complete organ works of Johann Sebastian Bach, César Franck, Robert Schumann,[6] numerous improvisations (e.g., Visions Cosmiques (December 1968), or Jeux d'orgue (20 October 1969), both re-edited in 2010 by Universal-Decca), as well as most of his own organ compositions on a series of seven CDs (2010) for the Universal-Decca label.[9]
Some of Guillou's compositions are based upon his own lyrics and poems. He also published several books, which subsequently were translated into German and Italian: L'Orgue – Souvenir et Avenir (1978), La Musique et le Geste (2012), and Le Visiteur, Poèmes (2014).
From 1970 to 2005, Guillou taught organ performance and improvisation at the annual Internationale Meisterkurse Zürich.[1] Beginning in 2007, these masterclasses were held at Saint-Eustache in Paris, France, for several years. Among his pupils are Zsuzsa Elekes, Francesco Filidei, Bernhard Haas, Jean Jacques Kasel, Yanka Hekimova, Jean-Paul Imbert [fr], Leonid Karev, Livia Mazzanti, Zuzana Ferjenčíková and Jean-Baptiste Monnot. In July 2015, he was appointed honorary professor at the Hochschule für Musik Saar in Saarbrücken. In March 2018, Guillou was honored by the Royal College of Organists at Southwark Cathedral in London with the RCO Medal, in recognition of distinguished achievement in organ playing and composition.[13] In May 2018, he travelled to Koper, Slovenia, where he served as consultant for the former organ at Tonhalle Zürich, to be transferred to Assumption Cathedral, and the re-dedication scheduled for 2020.[14]
Guillou died in Paris on 26 January 2019.[2][6][15] The funeral service took place on 5 February 2019 at Notre-Dame de Paris. He was buried at the Père Lachaise Cemetery in Paris (Chemin du Quinconce, D1/4547).[16]
The obituary by his publisher Schott summarized his achievements:
As a performer he revolutionized the art of organ playing, as an improviser he fascinated whole generations of concert-goers, as a composer he opened the repertoire of the 'king of instruments' to areas which had been considered to be unimaginable before.[1]
Adolph, Wolfram: "Editorial zum Tod von Jean Guillou", in Organ – Journal für die Orgel 22, no. 1: 1.
The Bhale Sultan Khanzada are a Muslim community found in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India.[citation needed]

This article about an Indian ethnicity or social group is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Recognized
Same-sex marriage was legalized in the Northern Mariana Islands by the U.S. Supreme Court's landmark ruling in Obergefell v. Hodges on June 26, 2015, which struck down same-sex marriage bans nationwide. On June 29, Governor Eloy Inos issued a statement hailing the decision as "historic", and said he would work with the Attorney General and local officials to bring the U.S. territory into compliance. Attorney General Edward Manibusan issued a memorandum on June 30 confirming that the territory was bound by the court decision and said that marriage license forms would be changed to include same-sex couples.
The Northern Mariana Islands may be the jurisdiction with the highest share of same-sex marriages in the world. In FY2019, same-sex marriages accounted for 41% of all marriages performed in Saipan.[1]
There is no prohibition on same-sex marriage in the law of the territory, nor do the statutes specify the sex of the parties to a marriage between citizens of the Northern Mariana Islands.[2] Other provisions assume the parties to a marriage are not of the same sex. With respect to a marriage involving one or more non-citizens, the statutes say: "The male at the time of contracting the marriage be at least 18 years of age and the female at least 16 years of age..."[3] Statutes concerning divorce assume that the partners to a marriage are "husband" and "wife".[4][5] In 2018, statutes were amended to state that marriage licenses may be issued regardless of gender:[6]
The Governor or a mayor is authorized to grant a license for marriage between two persons.
In December 2004, the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives voted 15–0 with 1 abstention in favor of a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage.[7] The measure was introduced to the House by Speaker Benigno Fitial, who cited his Catholic faith as his reason for supporting the proposal. The amendment would have added the following section to the Northern Mariana Islands Commonwealth Constitution: "It is the public policy of the Commonwealth to protect the unique relationship of marriage and that only the union of one man and one woman shall be valid or recognized as a marriage in the CNMI and the legislature may enact no law inconsistent with the public policy on marriage."[8][9] The amendment failed to pass the Senate.
The decisions of the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in Sevcik v. Sandoval and Latta v. Otter, which found that same-sex marriage bans in Nevada and Idaho were unconstitutional, were binding precedent on federal courts in the Northern Mariana Islands before Obergefell v. Hodges.[10] However, between October 2014 when the precedent came into effect and June 2015 when the Supreme Court struck down all bans, no same-sex couple had filed suit in the District Court for the Northern Mariana Islands to force the issue.
On June 26, 2015, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Obergefell v. Hodges that laws depriving same-sex couples of the rights of marriage violate the Due Process and Equal Protection clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. The ruling legalized same-sex marriage nationwide in the United States, including in the Northern Mariana Islands. On June 29, Governor Eloy Inos hailed the decision as "historic" in a statement and said he would work with the Attorney General and local officials to bring the U.S. territory into compliance.[11] Attorney General Edward Manibusan issued a memorandum on June 30 confirming that the territory is bound by the court decision and updating the marriage application forms to provide for same-sex couples.[12][13]
Governor Inos issued the following statement: "The union between two individuals regardless of gender, race, ethnicity, etc. through the ceremony of marriage is a celebration of unconditional love and enduring commitment. While we acknowledge this historical ruling, we must remember that what is most important in our community is that we express love, compassion, and tolerance toward one another. [...] Same sex common law unions have been in existence in our culture even before this ruling. In our small community, we either have family, friends, or know of people who are gay or lesbian couples."[11]
The Public Law 4-11 (Chamorro: Lai Publiku 4-11; Carolinian: Alléghul Toulap 4-11) permits the Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands and local mayors to issue marriage licenses to "two noncitizens or between a noncitizen and a citizen". Since the legalization of same-sex marriage in June 2015, the Northern Mariana Islands has become a popular marriage destination for foreign same-sex couples, especially among Chinese tourists. 2019 estimates showed that tourists made up 99% of same-sex marriages in Saipan.[14] The Public Law 20-53, enacted in April 2018, introduced higher marriage license fees for non-residents.[15]
Saipan Mayor David M. Apatang conducted the first same-sex marriage in the territory on July 22, 2015, saying it was his "legal obligation" to perform the union. He said he was following the June 30 memorandum issued by Attorney General Manibusan. An updated version of the Northern Mariana Islands' marriage form provided by the Attorney General's office was used for the couple.[13][16] By late August 2015, Apatang had performed three same-sex marriages.[17] The first same-sex marriage in Tinian was performed on June 24, 2017.[18][19][20]
According to the Saipan Mayor's Office, there were 12 same-sex marriages performed in 2015, 30 in 2016,[21] and 88 in 2017 (63 between lesbian couples and 25 between male couples).[22][23][24] The mayor's office conducted 96 same-sex marriages from January to September 2018. Of note, same-sex marriages accounted for the majority of marriages conducted by the office in the first few months of 2018.[25] 256 same-sex marriages were performed in FY2019 (1 October 2018 to 30 September 2019). This accounted for 41% of all marriages.[1] Far less marriages were performed in FY2020 and FY2021 due to COVID-19 pandemic guidelines.[26] 118 same-sex marriages were performed in Saipan in 2023 (71 for female couples and 47 for male couples), of which 105 were between non-residents.[27]
Eugene "Nudie" Hughes (born 1957/8) is a former Gaelic footballer who played at senior level for the Monaghan county team.[2][3]
Nudie helped Monaghan to victory in the 1985 National Football League Final defeating Armagh and he collected three Ulster Senior Football Championship medals in 1979, defeating Donegal, in 1985, beating Derry  and again in 1988, defeating  Tyrone in Clones. Nudie was the first Monaghan man to receive an All-Star Award and featured regularly on All-Star teams selected in 1979, 1985 and 1988. He collected a Railway Cup Medal with Ulster in 1984 and he was listed at number 115 in The 125 greatest stars of the GAA lists.[4][5]
In December 2018, shortly after attending the All Stars ceremony at which three Monaghan players received awards in November, Hughes was diagnosed with liver and colon cancer and spoke about it in June 2020.[1]
This Monaghan Gaelic football biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The John Rogers Studio and Museum is the preserved studio of sculptor John Rogers, a popular American artist called  "the people's sculptor" in the latter 19th century.  It is located at 13 Oenoke Ridge in New Canaan, Connecticut, on the grounds of the New Canaan Historical Society, which opens it to the public.  The studio houses a collection of "Rogers Groups"—plaster statuettes often depicting two or more people. The display area has been reconfigured to reflect the feeling of the artist's studio.
Rogers Groups often depicted people interacting with each other in a sentimental scene. According to the National Historic Landmarks Program of the National Park Service, the museum's collection is "one of the finest collections of Rogers groups in the nation".[3]
The studio is a Gothic-Victorian gable-roofed building built in 1878. John Rogers's popularity stemmed from the way his statuary groups created scenes of everyday life with a sentimental feel that has been compared to the much later Norman Rockwell. Instead of working in bronze and marble, he sculpted in more affordable plaster, painted the color of putty to hide dust.[4]
Rogers was prolific as well as popular. During his 33-year career he produced almost 80,000 plaster copies of his 86 "Rogers Groups." His statuettes decorated Victorian parlors throughout the United States.[3]
Sculpture on display includes "The Traveling Magician", showing a magician pulling a rabbit out of a hat for two children, and "The Neighboring Pews", depicting a moment among people in church. "Union Refugees" depicts a scene from the Civil War.[4]
The studio was declared a National Historic Landmark in 1965.[2][5][6] In 2003, a $95,000 matching grant under the Save America's Treasures program included financing for a climate-control and air-filtration system to ensure long-term preservation of both the building and the collection.[3]

Luan de Bruin (born 13 February 1993 in Pretoria, South Africa) is a South African rugby union player who currently plays for Newcastle Falcons in the Gallagher Premiership.
De Bruin got recognised for provincial selection at primary school level in 2006, when he was included in the Blue Bulls Under-13 squad that played at the Craven Week competition.[1] In 2009, he was selected in their Under-16 Grant Khomo Week squad and he played at the Under-18 Craven Week competitions in both 2010 and 2011. After the 2011 tournament, he was included in a South African Academy side that played against a France Under-18 side in Durban.[2]
In 2012, De Bruin moved to Bloemfontein. He made eleven appearances for the Free State U19 side during the 2012 Under-19 Provincial Championship, starting ten of those matches. At the start of the 2013 season, he played for university side UFS Shimlas during the 2013 Varsity Cup competition, where he made six substitute appearances.
He was selected in the South African Under-20 side that played in the 2013 IRB Junior World Championship in France. He started in their first two pool matches, a 97–0 victory over the United States[3] and a 31–24 victory over eventual champions England.[4] He didn't feature in their match against hosts France,[5] but was restored to the starting line-up in their semi-final clash with Wales, where South Africa suffered an 18–17 defeat.[6] He was also in the run-on side that met New Zealand in the third-placed play-off and De Bruin scored one of six South African tries as they beat New Zealand 41–34 to secure a third-place finish in the tournament.[7]
In the latter half of the 2013 season, De Bruin played in four matches for the Free State U21 side during the 2013 Under-21 Provincial Championship before he played in another Varsity Cup campaign for the UFS Shimlas in February and March 2014.
De Bruin's first taste of senior provincial rugby came during the 2014 Vodacom Cup competition for the Free State XV after the 2014 Varsity Cup concluded. He made his debut when he was named in the run-on side for their match against the Eastern Province Kings in Cradock, helping his side to a 31–3 victory.[8] That was the first of five consecutive starts De Bruin made during the competition as they reached the quarter-finals, where they were knocked out by his former side, the Blue Bulls.[9]
De Bruin was included on the reserve bench for the Cheetahs' second-last match of the 2014 Super Rugby season against the Sharks in Bloemfontein.[10]
In July 2014, De Bruin signed a new contract with the Free State Cheetahs until the end of 2016.[11]
On 11 November 2020 de Bruin's signature was announced by Leicester Tigers for the 2020-21 Premiership Rugby season.[12] He played 17 times in his single season for Leicester.
On 9 March 2021, de Bruin would move to Scotland to join Pro14 side Edinburgh ahead of the 2021–22 season.[13]
On 15 April 2024, it was confirmed that de Bruin agreed a two-year deal back to the Premiership with Newcastle Falcons from the 2024–25 season.[14]Gadon (Somali: Gadoon), is a village in the central Galguduud region of Somalia.[1]
Gadon is situated in the Dusmareb District of the Galmudug state of Somalia. The village is 40km east of the capital city of Galmudug state and the administrative capital of the galguduud region, Dusmareb.[1]

This Somalia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
158; see text
Honeysuckles are arching shrubs or twining vines in the genus Lonicera (/lɒˈnɪsərə/[2]) of the family Caprifoliaceae. The genus includes 158 species[1] native to northern latitudes in North America, Eurasia, and North Africa.[1][3] Widely known species include Lonicera periclymenum (common honeysuckle or woodbine), Lonicera japonica (Japanese honeysuckle, white honeysuckle, or Chinese honeysuckle) and Lonicera sempervirens (coral honeysuckle, trumpet honeysuckle, or woodbine honeysuckle). L. japonica is a highly invasive species considered a significant pest in parts of North America, Europe, South America, New Zealand, Australia, and Africa.[3]
Some species are highly fragrant and colorful, so are cultivated as ornamental garden plants. In North America, hummingbirds are attracted to the flowers, especially L. sempervirens and L. ciliosa (orange honeysuckle). Honeysuckle derives its name from the edible sweet nectar obtainable from its tubular flowers.[4] The name Lonicera stems from Adam Lonicer, a Renaissance botanist.[3]
Most species of Lonicera are hardy twining climbers, with a minority of shrubby habit.[3] Some species (including Lonicera hildebrandiana from the Himalayan foothills and L. etrusca from the Mediterranean) are tender and can be grown outside only in subtropical zones. The leaves are opposite, simple oval, 1–10 cm (0.39–3.94 in) long; most are deciduous but some are evergreen.
Many of the species have sweetly scented, bilaterally symmetrical flowers that produce a sweet, edible nectar, and most flowers are borne in clusters of two (leading to the common name of "twinberry" for certain North American species). Both shrubby and vining sorts have strongly fibrous stems which have been used for binding and textiles.
The fruit is a red, blue or black spherical or elongated berry containing several seeds; in most species the berries are mildly poisonous, but in a few (notably Lonicera caerulea) they are edible and grown for home use and commerce. Most honeysuckle berries are attractive to wildlife, which has led to species such as L. japonica and L. maackii spreading invasively outside of their home ranges. Many species of Lonicera are eaten by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species—see a list of Lepidoptera that feed on honeysuckles.
The spread of L. japonica in North America began in the United States in 1806, and it was widely cultivated by the 1860s.[3] It was first discovered in Canada in Ontario forests in 1976, and became invasive by 2007.[3] L. japonica was introduced in Australia between 1820 and 1840.[3]
Several species of honeysuckle have become invasive when introduced outside their native range, particularly in North America, Europe, South America, Australia, and Africa.[3]  Invasive species include L. japonica, L. maackii, L. morrowii, L. tatarica, and the hybrid between the last two, L. × bella.[3]
Honeysuckles are valued as garden plants, for their ability to cover unsightly walls and outbuildings, their profuse tubular flowers in early summer, and the intense fragrance of many varieties. The hardy climbing types need their roots in shade, and their flowering tops in sunlight or very light shade. Varieties need to be chosen with care, as they can become substantial. Cultivars of the dense, small-leaved L. nitida are used as low, narrow hedges.[5]
The following hybrids have gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit:[6]
Other cultivars are dealt with under their species names.
The honeysuckle species L. japonica is grown as a commercial crop for traditional Chinese medicine use.[11]
Honeysuckle is also used to scent Chinese teas in a process similar to Jasmine tea. This was popularized in the Qing dynasty.[12]
Component analyses of berries from 27 different cultivars and 3 genotypes of edible honeysuckle (Lonicera caerulea var. kamtschatica) showed the presence of iridoids, anthocyanins, flavonols, flavanonols, flavones, flavan-3-ols, and phenolic acids.[13] While sugars determine the level of sweetness in the berries, organic acids and polyphenols are responsible for the sour taste and tartness.[13] Some 51 of the same compounds in berries are found in flowers, although the proportions of these compounds varied among cultivars studied.[14]
Many insects in the order Lepidoptera visit honeysuckles as a food source. An example of this is the moth Deilephila elpenor. This nocturnal species of moth is especially attracted to honeysuckles, and they visit the flowers at night to feed on their nectar.[15]
158 species are accepted.[1]
Several fossil species are known from the Miocene of Asia.[16]Richard Bott (born 1968) is a minister of the United Church of Canada who served as the 43rd Moderator of that church from 2018 to 2022.
Bott was born in Marathon, Ontario[1] and grew up there.[2] Following graduation from high school, he attended University of Ottawa, where he earned his Bachelor of Social Sciences degree in 1990. He then earned his Master of Divinity (M.Div.) degree from Queen's University in 1994.[3]
Following graduation, Bott was ordained as a minister of the United Church. Over the next 24 years he served at five churches in Ontario and British Columbia.[3] During that time, he earned a Diploma in Stewardship Studies from Queen's Theological College (1996), a Certificate in Dispute Resolution  from Laurentian University (1998) and a Doctor of Ministry from Ashland Theological Seminary (2003).
In 2000, Bott also became a liturgical writer, publishing articles, prayers and liturgy in a variety of Christian publications.
Bott was nominated to be moderator in 2018, and at the 43rd General Council of the church in Oshawa, Ontario, he was elected after five ballots. Following his election, Bott said, "I am excited about the possibilities that are in front of the church and hopeful that we are going to live into them together."[4]
During his installation service, Bott spoke of the feeding of the multitude, when a small child offered Jesus five small loaves and two small fish in order to feed a large crowd: "This child offered what they had, knowing that they might stay hungry. The child is us at our best, and the child is the world at its best; when we are ready to offer without having any idea what the end result might be — trusting that what God does with the gift, and with us, will be enough to satisfy the hunger, the hunger of all the world, and more."[5]
As all moderators since 1994, Bott was due to serve for three years until his successor was chosen at the 44th General Council of the United Church in August 2021. However due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the General Council was postponed a year, and Bott's term was subsequently extended until then.[6]Construction barrels (colloquially known as "drums" in the United States) are traffic control devices used to channel motor vehicle traffic through construction sites or to warn motorists of construction activity near the roadway. They are used primarily in the United States, but are occasionally used in Canada, Mexico and Costa Rica. They are an alternative to traffic cones which are smaller and easily hit by vehicles. Drums tend to command more respect from drivers than cones as they are larger, more visible, and give the appearance of being formidable obstacles.[1]
Construction barrels are typically bright orange[2] and have four alternating white and orange reflective bands. However some regions, such as the province of Ontario, Canada, use black barrels with orange stripes. Most have a rubber base that prevents the barrel from tipping over during high winds. Construction barrels have a handle at the top so they can be easily picked up and carried. The handle also allows crews to install barricade lights to increase visibility. The product makes up a $90 million industry in the United States.[3]
Until the late 1980s, construction crews typically used 55-gallon steel drums to guide traffic through construction areas. They were painted orange and white and filled with sand or water to keep them in place. Because the drums were steel and weighed down with sand or water, extensive damage would occur to vehicles striking them, and they were dangerous to workers if propelled into work areas by vehicles. Plastic barrels that are commonly seen on American roadways today began emerging in the late 1970s and 1980s; steel 55-gallon drums were largely phased out by the 1990s,[4] with an outright prohibition on using metal drums appearing in the third revision of the 1988 Edition of the MUTCD, published in September 1993.[5]
By 1981, the drums were mainly a two-piece plastic design that included the top piece of the drum and a base that was filled with sandbags. The same year, an updated version of the invention was released by PSS; it included a flange to allow sandbag placement on the outside of the drum which made it easier to maneuver.[6] In 1985, PSS released the modern-day version of the construction barrel, the LifeGard® drum.[7] The LifeGard® utilized the sidewall of a recycled truck tire at its base to keep the drum securely in place on the roadway.[8] This design is the most common one in use today.Irangaam Records is a record label based in Enqelab Street, Tehran .  It was founded in 1985 by an Iranian  Sadroddin Hosseinkhani  . The label focuses on Iranian music. Irangaam Records has been established by this slogan :  Music For Everyone .[1]

This article about an Iranian record label is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Septimius Odaenathus (Palmyrene Aramaic: 𐡠𐡣𐡩𐡮𐡶‎ (), ʾŌdaynaṯ; Arabic: أذينة, romanized: Uḏayna; c. 220 – 267) was the founder king (malik) of the Palmyrene Kingdom who ruled from Palmyra, Syria. He elevated the status of his kingdom from a regional center subordinate to Rome into a formidable state in South-West Asia. Odaenathus was born into an aristocratic Palmyrene family that had received Roman citizenship in the 190s under the Severan dynasty. He was the son of Hairan, the descendant of Nasor. The circumstances surrounding his rise are ambiguous; he became the lord (ras) of the city, a position created for him, as early as the 240s and by 258, he was styled a consularis, indicating a high status in the Roman Empire.
The defeat and captivity of Emperor Valerian at the hands of the Sasanian emperor Shapur I in 260 left the eastern Roman provinces largely at the mercy of the Persians. Odaenathus remained on the side of Rome; assuming the title of king, he led the Palmyrene army, attacking the Persians before they could cross the Euphrates to the eastern bank, inflicting a considerable defeat.[1] He took the side of Emperor Gallienus, the son and successor of Valerian, who was facing the attempted usurpation of Fulvius Macrianus. The rebel declared his sons emperors, leaving one in Syria and taking the other with him to Europe. Odaenathus attacked the remaining usurper and quelled the rebellion. He was rewarded with many exceptional titles by the Emperor, who formalized his self-established position in the East. In reality, the Emperor may have done little but accept the declared nominal loyalty of Odaenathus.
In a series of rapid and successful campaigns starting in 262, Odaenathus crossed the Euphrates and recovered Carrhae and Nisibis. He then took the offensive into the heartland of Persia, and arrived at the walls of its capital, Ctesiphon.[1] The city withstood the short siege but Odaenathus reclaimed the entirety of the Roman lands occupied by the Persians since the beginning of their invasions in 252. Odaenathus celebrated his victories and declared himself "King of Kings", crowning his son Herodianus as co-king. By 263, Odaenathus was in effective control of the Levant, Roman Mesopotamia and Anatolia's eastern region.
Odaenathus observed all due formalities towards the Emperor, but in practice ruled as an independent monarch. In 266, he launched a second invasion of Persia but had to abandon the campaign and head north to Bithynia to repel the attacks of Germanic raiders besieging the city of Heraclea Pontica. He was assassinated in 267 during or immediately after the Anatolian campaign, together with Herodianus. The identities of the perpetrator or the instigator are unknown and many stories, accusations and speculations exist in ancient sources. He was succeeded by his son Vaballathus under the regency of his widow Zenobia, who used the power established by Odaenathus to forge the Palmyrene Empire in 270.
"Odaenathus" is the Latin transliteration of the king's name;[note 1][2] he was born Septimius Odainat in c. 220.[note 2][4] His name is written in transliterated Palmyrene as Sptmyws ʾDynt.[5][6] "Sptmyws" (Septimius), which means "born in September",[7] was Odaenathus' family gentilicium (Roman surname), adopted as an expression of loyalty to the Roman Severan dynasty and the emperor Septimius Severus who had granted the family Roman citizenship in the late second century.[8][9] ʾDynt (Odainat) is the Palmyrene diminutive for ear, related to Uḏaina in Arabic and 'Ôden in Aramaic.[10][6] Odaenathus' genealogy is known from a stone block in Palmyra with a sepulchral inscription that mentions the building of a tomb and records the genealogy of the builder: Odaenathus, son of Hairan, son of Wahb Allat, son of Nasor.[11][12] In Rabbinic sources, Odaenathus is named "Papa ben Nasor" (Papa son of Nasor);[note 3][15] the meaning of the name "Papa" and how Odaenathus earned it is unclear.[note 4][15]
The King appears to be of mixed Arab and Aramean descent:[17] his name, the name of his father, Hairan, and that of his grandfather, Wahb-Allat, are Arabic;[18][19] while Nasor, his great-grandfather, has an Aramaic name.[20] Nasor might not have been the great-grandfather of Odaenathus, but a more distant ancestor;[21] the archaeologist Frank Edward Brown considered Nasor to be Odaenathus' great-great or great-great-great grandfather.[22] This has led some scholars, such as Lisbeth Soss Fried and Javier Teixidor, to consider the origin of the family to be Aramean.[23][20] In practice, the citizenry of Palmyra were the result of Arab and Aramaean tribes merging into a unity with a corresponding consciousness; they thought and acted as Palmyrenes.[19][24]
The fifth-century historian Zosimus asserted that Odaenathus descended from "illustrious forebears",[note 5][20] but the position of the family in Palmyra is debated; it was probably part of the wealthy mercantile class.[29] Alternatively, the family may have belonged to the tribal leadership which amassed a fortune as landowners and patrons of the Palmyrene caravans.[note 6][17] The historians Franz Altheim and Ruth Stiehl suggested that Odaenathus was part of a new elite of Bedouins driven from their home east of the Euphrates by the aggressive Sassanian dynasty after 220.[31][32] However, it is certain that Odaenathus came from a family which had belonged to the upper class of the city for several generations;[33] in Dura-Europos, a relief dated to 159/158 (470 of the Seleucid era, SE) was commissioned by Hairan son of Maliko son of Nasor.[note 7][16] This Hairan might have been the head of the Palmyrene trade colony in Dura-Europos and probably belonged to the same family as Odaenathus.[35][36] According to Brown, it is plausible, based on the occurrence of the name Nasor in both Dura-Europos and Palmyra (where it was a rare name), that Odaenathus and Hairan son of Maliko belonged to the same family.[22]
No definite images of Odaenathus have been discovered, hence, there is no information about his appearance; all sculptures identified as Odaenathus lack any inscriptions to confirm whom they represent.[37] Two sculpted heads from Palmyra, one preserved in the Ny Carlsberg Glyptotek museum and the other in the Archaeological Museum in Istanbul, were identified by the archaeologist Harald Ingholt [de] as representing Odaenathus based on their monumentality and regal style.[38] The academic consensus does not support Ingholt's view,[39][40] and the heads he ascribed to the king can be dated to the end of the second century.[41] More likely, two marble heads, one depicting a man wearing a royal tiara, the crown of Palmyra, and the other depicting a man in a royal Hellenistic diadem, are depictions of the king.[42] In addition, a Palmyrene clay tessera, depicting a bearded man wearing a diadem, could be a portrait of the king.[43]
Traditional scholarship, based on the sepulchral inscription from Odaenathus' tomb, believed the builder to be an ancestor of the king and he was given the designation "Odaenathus I".[note 8][46] The name of King Odaenathus' father is Hairan as attested in many inscriptions.[47] In an inscription dated to 251, the name of the ras ("lord") of Palmyra, Hairan, son of Odaenathus, is written,[48] and he was thought to be the son of Odaenathus I.[46] Prior to the 1980s, the earliest known inscription attesting King Odaenathus was dated to 257, leading traditional scholarship to believe that Hairan, ras of Palmyra, was the father of the king and that Odaenathus I was his grandfather.[note 9][46][50] However, an inscription published in 1985 by the archaeologist Michael Gawlikowski and dated to 252 mentions King Odaenathus as a ras and records the same genealogy found in the sepulchral inscription, confirming the name of King Odaenathus' grandfather as Wahb Allat;[46] thus, he cannot be a son of Hairan son of Odaenathus (I).[21][51] Therefore, it is certain that King Odaenathus was the builder of the tomb, ruling out the existence of "Odaenathus I".[note 10][45][46] The ras Hairan mentioned in the 251 inscription is identical with Odaenathus' elder son and co-ruler, Prince Hairan I.[46][53]
Palmyra was an autonomous city within the Roman Empire, subordinate to Rome and part of the province of Syria Phoenice.[54] Odaenathus descended from an aristocratic family, albeit not a royal one as the city was ruled by a council and had no tradition of hereditary monarchy.[55][56][57] For most of its existence, the Palmyrene army was decentralized under the command of several generals,[58] but the rise of the Sassanian Empire in 224, and its incursions, which affected Palmyrene trade,[59] combined with the weakness of the Roman Empire, probably prompted the Palmyrene council to elect a lord for the city in order for him to lead a strengthened army:[29][58][60]
The Roman emperor, Gordian III, died in 244 during a campaign against Persia and this might have been the event which led to the election of a lord for Palmyra to defend it: Odaenathus,[61] whose elevation, according to the historian Udo Hartmann, can be explained by Odaenathus probably being a successful military or caravan commander, and his descent from one of the most influential families in the city.[62] Odaenathus' title as lord was ras in Palmyrene and exarchos in Greek as revealed by bilingual inscriptions from Palmyra.[note 11][65] The ras title enabled the bearer to effectively deal with the Sassanid threat, in that it probably vested in him supreme civil and military authority;[note 12][58] an undated inscription refers to Odaenathus as a ras and records the gift of a throne to him by a Palmyrene citizen named "Ogeilu son of Maqqai Haddudan Hadda", which confirms the supreme character of Odaenathus' title.[61] The office was created for Odaenathus,[58] and was not a usual title in the Roman Empire, and not a part of Palmyrene government traditions.[61][68]
Hairan I was apparently elevated to co-lordship by his father, as an inscription from 251 testifies.[64] As early as the 240s, Odaenathus bolstered the Palmyrene army, recruiting desert nomads and increasing the number of the Palmyrene heavy cavalry (clibanarii).[58][70] In 252, the Persian emperor, Shapur I, started a full-scale invasion of the Roman provinces in the east.[71][72] During the second campaign of the invasion, Shapur I conquered Antioch on the Orontes, the traditional capital of Syria,[73] and headed south, where his advance was checked in 253 by a noble from Emesa, Uranius Antoninus.[74] The events of 253 were mentioned in the works of the sixth-century historian John Malalas who also mentioned a leader by the name "Enathus" inflicting a defeat upon the retreating Shapur I near the Euphrates.[74] "Enathus" is probably identical with Odaenathus,[75] and while Malalas' account indicates that Odaenathus defeated the Persians in 253,[76] there is no proof that the Palmyrene leader engaged Shapur I before 260 and Malalas' account seems to be confusing Odaenathus' future actions during 260 with the events of 253.[77]
Shapur I destroyed the Palmyrene trade colonies along the Euphrates, including the colonies at Anah in 253 and at Dura-Europos in 256.[78] The sixth-century historian Peter the Patrician wrote that Odaenathus approached Shapur I to negotiate Palmyrene interests but was rebuffed and the gifts sent to the Persians were thrown into the river.[74][75][79] The date for the attempted negotiations is debated: some scholars, including John F. Drinkwater, set the event in 253; while others, such as Alaric Watson, set it in 256, following the destruction of Dura-Europos.[63][75]
Several inscriptions dating to the end of 257 or early 258 show Odaenathus bearing the Greek title ὁ λαμπρότατος ὑπατικός (ho lamprótatos hupatikós; Latin: clarissimus consularis).[49][76][80] This title was usually bestowed on Roman senators who held the consulship.[80] The title was also mentioned in Odaenathus' undated tomb inscription and Hairan I was mentioned with the same title in the 251 inscription.[81] Scholarly opinions vary on the exact date of Odaenathus' elevation to this position.[61] Gawlikowski and the linguist Jean Starcky maintained that the senatorial rank predates the ras elevation.[81] Hartmann concluded that Odaenathus first became a ras in the 240s, then a senator in 250.[81] Another possibility is that the senatorial rank and lordship occurred simultaneously; Odaenathus was chosen as a ras following Gordian's death, then, after Emperor Philip the Arab concluded a peace treaty with the Persians, the Emperor ratified Odaenathus' lordship and admitted him to the senate to guarantee Palmyra's continued subordination.[61]
The clarissimus consularis title could be a mere honorific or a sign that Odaenathus was appointed as the legatus of Phoenice.[66][82] However, the title (ὁ λαμπρότατος ὑπατικός) was sometimes used in Syria to denote the provincial governor and the archaeologist William Waddington proposed that Odaenathus was indeed the governor of Phoenice.[note 14][49][20] Five of the inscriptions mentioning Odaenathus as consul are dated to 569 SE (258) during which no governor for Phoenice is attested, which might indicate that this was Odaenathus' year of governorship.[83] In Phoenice's capital city Tyre, the lines "To Septimius Odaenathus, the most illustrious. The Septimian colony of Tyre" were found inscribed on a marble base;[83][84] the inscription is not dated and if it was made after 257 then it indicates that Odaenathus was appointed as the governor of the province.[83] These speculations cannot be proven, but as a governor Odaenathus would have been the highest authority in the province, above legionary commanders and provincial officials; this would make him commander of the Roman forces in the province.[83] Whatever the case may be, starting from 258 Odaenathus strengthened his position and extended his political influence in the region.[66] By 260, Odaenathus held the rank, credibility and power to pacify the Roman East following the Battle of Edessa.[83]
Faced with Shapur I's third campaign,[85] the Roman emperor Valerian marched against the Persian monarch but was defeated near Edessa in late spring 260 and taken prisoner.[86] The Persian emperor then ravaged Cappadocia and Cilicia, and claimed to have captured Antioch on the Orontes.[note 15][87] Taking advantage of the situation, Fulvius Macrianus, the commander of the imperial treasury, declared his sons Quietus and Macrianus Minor as joint emperors in August 260, in opposition to Valerian's son Gallienus.[note 16][88] Fulvius Macrianus took Antioch on the Orontes as his center and organized the resistance against Shapur I; he dispatched Balista, his praetorian prefect, to Anatolia.[88] Shapur I was defeated in the region of Sebaste at Pompeiopolis, prompting the Persians to evacuate Cilicia while Balista returned to Antioch on the Orontes.[50][88][89] Balista's victory was only partial: Shapur I withdrew east of Cilicia, which Persian units continued to occupy.[90] A Persian force took advantage of Balista's return to Syria and headed further west into Anatolia.[88] According to the Augustan History, Odaenathus was declared king of Palmyra as soon as the news of the Roman defeat at Edessa reached the city.[91] It is not known if Odaenathus contacted Fulvius Macrianus and there is no evidence that he took orders from him.[92]
Odaenathus assembled the Palmyrene army and Syrian peasants, then marched north to meet the Persian emperor, who was returning to Persia.[note 17][78][92] The Palmyrene monarch fell upon the retreating Persian army between Samosata and Zeugma, west of the Euphrates, in late summer 260.[note 18][92][97] He defeated the Persians, expelling Shapur I from the province of Syria.[92] In early 261, Fulvius Macrianus headed to Europe accompanied by Macrianus Minor, leaving Quietus and Balista in Emesa.[92] Odaenathus' whereabouts during this episode are not clear; he could have distributed the army in garrisons along the frontier or might have brought it back to his capital.[79] The Palmyrene monarch seems to have waited until the situation clarified, declaring loyalty to neither Fulvius Macrianus nor Gallienus.[79] In the spring of 261, Fulvius Macrianus arrived in the Balkans but was defeated and killed along with Macrianus Minor; Odaenathus, when it became clear that Gallienus would eventually win, sided with the Emperor and marched on Emesa, where Quietus and Balista were staying. The Emesans killed Quietus as Odaenathus approached the city,[79] while Balista was captured and executed by the King in autumn 261.[84][98]
The elimination of the usurpers left Odaenathus as the most powerful leader in the Roman East.[79] He was granted many titles by the Emperor but those honors are debated among scholars:[99]
Regardless of his titles, Odaenathus controlled the Roman East with the approval of Gallienus, who could do little but formalize Odaenathus' self-achieved status and settle for his formal loyalty.[note 20][108][109] Odaenathus' authority extended from the Pontic coast in the north to Palestine in the south.[110] This area included the Roman provinces of Syria, Phoenice, Palaestina, Arabia, Anatolia's eastern regions and, following the campaign of 262, Osroene and Mesopotamia.[110][111][112]
Perhaps driven by a desire to take revenge for the destruction of Palmyrene trade centers and to discourage Shapur I from initiating future attacks, Odaenathus launched an offensive against the Persians.[113] The suppression of Fulvius Macrianus' rebellion probably prompted Gallienus to entrust the Palmyrene monarch with the war in Persia and Roman soldiers were in the ranks of Odaenathus' army for this campaign.[91] In the spring of 262, the King marched north into the occupied Roman province of Mesopotamia, driving out the Persian garrisons and recapturing Edessa and Carrhae.[114][115] The first onslaught was aimed at Nisibis, which Odaenathus regained but sacked, since the inhabitants had been sympathetic towards the Persian occupation.[115] A little later he destroyed the Jewish city of Nehardea, 45 kilometres (28 mi) west of the Persian capital Ctesiphon,[note 21][118] as he considered the Jews of Mesopotamia to be loyal to Shapur I.[119] By late 262 or early 263, Odaenathus stood outside the walls of the Persian capital.[120]
The exact route taken by Odaenathus from Palmyra to Ctesiphon remains uncertain; it was probably similar to the route Emperor Julian took in 363 during his campaign against Persia.[121] If he did use this route, Odaenathus would have crossed the Euphrates at Zeugma then moved east to Edessa followed by Carrhae then Nisibis. Here, he would have descended south along the Khabur River to the Euphrates valley and then marched along the river's left bank to Nehardea.[121] He then penetrated the Sassanian province of Asōristān and marched along the royal canal Naarmalcha towards the Tigris, where the Persian capital stood.[121]
Once at Ctesiphon, Odaenathus immediately began a siege of the well-fortified winter residence of the Persian kings; severe damage was inflicted upon the surrounding areas during several battles with Persian troops.[120] The city held out and the logistical problems of fighting in enemy territory probably prompted the Palmyrenes to lift the siege.[120] Odaenathus headed north along the Euphrates carrying with him numerous prisoners and much booty.[120] The invasion resulted in the full restoration of the Roman lands which had been occupied by Shapur I since the beginning of his invasions in 252: Osroene and Mesopotamia.[note 22][111][123] However, Dura-Europus and other Palmyrene posts south of Circesium, such as Anah, were not rebuilt.[114] Odaenathus sent the captives to Rome, and by the end of 263 Gallienus assumed the title Persicus maximus ("the great victor in Persia") and held a triumph in Rome.[124]
In 263, after his return, Odaenathus assumed the title of King of Kings of the East (Mlk Mlk dy Mdnh),[note 23] and crowned his son Herodianus (Hairan I) as co-King of Kings.[126][127] A statue was erected and dedicated for Herodianus to celebrate his coronation by Septimius Worod, the duumviri (magistrate) of Palmyra, and Julius Aurelius, the Queen's procurator (treasurer). The dedication, in Greek, is undated,[128] but Septimius Worod was a duumviri between 263 and 264. Hence, the coronation took place c. 263.[note 24][130] Contemporary evidence for Odaenathus bearing the title of King of Kings is lacking; all firmly dated inscriptions attesting Odaenathus with the title were commissioned after his death, including one that is dated to 271.[51][78] However, Herodianus died with his father,[131] and since he is directly attested as "King of Kings" during his father's lifetime, it is unimaginable that Odaenathus was simply a king while his son was the King of Kings.[132][133] An undated inscription, written in Greek and difficult to decipher, found on a stone reused in the Palmyrene Camp of Diocletian, addresses Odaenathus as King of Kings (Rex regum) and was probably set during his reign.[134]
According to the dedication, Herodianus was crowned near the Orontes, which indicates a ceremony taking place in Antioch on the Orontes, the metropolis of Syria.[note 25][128] The title was a symbol of legitimacy in the East, dating back to the Assyrians, then the Achaemenids, who used it to symbolize their supremacy over all other rulers; it was later adopted by the Parthian monarchs to legitimize their conquests.[135] The first Sassanian monarch, Ardashir I, adopted the title following his victory over the Parthians.[136] Odaenathus' son was crowned with a diadem and a tiara; the choice of Antioch on the Orontes was probably meant to demonstrate that the Palmyrene monarchs were now the successors of the Seleucid and Iranian rulers who had controlled Syria and Mesopotamia in the past.[127]
In analyzing the rise of Odaenathus and his complicated relationship with Rome, the historian Gary K. Young concluded that "to search for any kind of regularity or normality in such a situation is clearly pointless".[137] In practice, Palmyra became an allied kingdom of Rome, but legally, it remained part of the empire. The "King of Kings" title was probably not aimed at the position of the Roman emperor but at Shapur I; Odaenathus was declaring that he, not the Persian monarch, was the legitimate King of Kings of the East.[138] Odaenathus' intentions are questioned by some historians, such as Drinkwater, who attributed the attempted negotiations with Shapur I to Odaenathus' quest for power.[75] However, in contrast to the norm of this period when powerful generals frequently proclaimed themselves emperors, Odaenathus chose not to attempt to usurp Gallienus' throne.[139]
The relationship between Odaenathus and the Emperor should be understood from two different perspectives: Roman and Syrian. In Rome, broad power delegation by the Emperor to an individual from outside the imperial family was not considered a problem;[140] such authority had been granted several times since the days of Augustus in the first century.[141] The Syrian perspective was different:[140] according to Potter, the dedication celebrating Herodianus' coronation on the Orontes should be interpreted to mean a "Palmyrene claim to kingship in Syria" and control over it during the reign of Odaenathus.[142] What the central government thought of such claims is unclear, but it is doubtful that Gallienus recognized the situation as the Palmyrenes understood it.[141] In the Roman Empire's hierarchical system, a vassal king using the title of King of Kings did not indicate that he was a peer of the Emperor or that the ties of vassalage were cut.[143] Such different understandings eventually led to the conflict between Rome and Palmyra during the reign of Zenobia, who considered her husband's Roman offices hereditary and an expression of independent authority.[note 26][144]
The King had effective control over the Roman East where his military authority was absolute.[108][145] Odaenathus respected Gallienus' authority to appoint provincial governors,[145] but dealt swiftly with opposition: the Anonymus post Dionem [de], usually associated with the sixth-century historian Eustathius of Epiphania or Peter the Patrician,[44] mentions the story of Kyrinus, or Quirinus, a Roman official, who showed dissatisfaction with Odaenathus' authority over the Persian frontier, and was immediately executed by the King.[note 27][146][96][147] In general, Odaenathus' actions were connected to his and Palmyra's interests only. His support of Gallienus and his Roman titles did not hide the Palmyrene base of his power and the local origin of his armies, as with his decision not to wait for the Emperor to help in 260.[82][106] Odaenathus' status seems to have been, as Watson puts it, "something between powerful subject, independent vassal king and rival emperor".[106]
Odaenathus behaved as a sovereign monarch;[148] outside his kingdom of Palmyra, he had overall administrative and military authority over the provincial governors of the Roman eastern provinces.[149] Inside Palmyra, no Roman provincial official had any authority; the King filled the government with Palmyrenes.[150] In parallel to the Iranian practice of making the government a family enterprise, Odaenathus bestowed his own gentilicium (Septimius) upon his leading generals and officials such as Zabdas, Zabbai and Worod.[note 28][150] Most Palmyrene constitutional institutions continued to function normally during Odaenathus' reign;[102] he maintained many civic establishments,[66][152] but the last magistrates were elected in 264,[59] and the Palmyrene council was not attested after that year. After this year, a governor, Septimius Worod, was appointed by the King for the city of Palmyra,[153] who also functioned as a viceroy when Odaenathus was on campaign.[154]
A lead token depicting Herodianus shows him wearing a tiara crown shaped like that of the Parthian monarchs, so it must have been Odaenathus' crown;[155] this combination of imagery, together with the "King of Kings" title, indicates that Odaenathus considered himself the rival of the Sassanians and the protector of the region against them.[156] Many intellectuals relocated to Palmyra and enjoyed the King's patronage;[157] most prominently Cassius Longinus, who probably arrived in the 260s.[158] It is possible that Odaenathus influenced local writers to promote his rule;[159] a prophecy in the thirteenth Sibylline Oracle, written after the events it "prophesied",[160] reads: "Then shall come one who was sent by the sun [i.e., Odaenathus], a mighty and fearful lion, breathing much flame. Then he with much shameless daring will destroy ... the greatest beast – venomous, fearful and emitting a great deal of hisses [i.e., Shapur I]".[161] The authority of Odaenathus did not appease all factions in Syria and the glorification of the King in the oracle could be a politically sponsored propaganda aimed at expanding Odaenathus' support.[note 29][159] Another writer in the Palmyrene court, Nicostratus of Trebizond, probably accompanied the King on his campaigns and wrote a history of the period, starting with Philip the Arab and ending shortly before Odaenathus' death.[162] According to Potter, Nicostratus' account was meant to glorify Odaenathus and demonstrate his superiority over the Roman Emperor.[163]
Odaenathus minted coinage only in the name of Gallienus,[164] and produced no coins bearing his own image.[102] The engraver Hubertus Goltzius forged coins of Odaenathus in the sixteenth century;[165] according to the eighteenth-century numismatist Joseph Hilarius Eckhel "The coins of Odenathus are known only to Goltzius; and if anyone will put faith in their existence, let him go to the fountain head (i.e. Goltzius)". According to the Augustan History, Gallienus minted a coin in honour of Odaenathus where he was depicted taking the Persians captive;[166] a coin of Gallienus minted in Antioch and dated to c. 264–265 depicts two seated captives on its reverse and was associated with the victories of Odaenathus by the historian Michael Geiger.[167] Other coins of Gallienus depict lions on their reverses; the animal was portrayed in several fashions: bare headed with a bull's head between its paws; radiate head; radiate head with a bull's head between its paws; or an eagle standing on its back. The historian Erika Manders considered it possible that those coins were issued for Odaenathus, as the depiction of a lion is reminiscent of the thirteenth Sibylline Oracle's description of Odaenathus as a "mighty and fearful lion, breathing much flame".[note 30][169]
The primary sources are silent regarding events following the first Persian campaign, but this is an indication of the peace that prevailed and that the Persians had ceased being a threat to the Roman East.[170] The evidence for the second campaign is meager; Zosimus is the only one to mention it specifically.[171] A passage in the thirteenth Sibylline Oracle is interpreted by Hartmann as an indication of a second offensive.[172] With the rise of the Sassanid dynasty, Palmyrene trade caravans to the East diminished with only three recorded after 224. The last caravan returned to Palmyra in 266, and this was probably facilitated by the campaign, which probably took place in 266.[173] The King marched directly to Ctesiphon, but he had to break off the siege and march north to face an influx of Germanic raiders attacking Anatolia.[171][174]
The Romans used the designation "Scythian" to denote many tribes, regardless of their ethnic origin, and sometimes the term would be interchangeable with Goths. The tribes attacking Anatolia were probably the Heruli who built ships to cross the Black Sea in 267 and ravaged the coasts of Bithynia and Pontus, besieging Heraclea Pontica.[171] According to the eighth-century historian George Syncellus, Odaenathus arrived at Anatolia with Herodianus and headed to Heraclea but the riders were already gone, having loaded their ships with booty.[171] Many perished, perhaps in a sea battle with Odaenathus' forces, or possibly they were shipwrecked.[171]
Odaenathus was assassinated, together with Herodianus, in late 267. The date is debated and some scholars propose 266 or 268, but Vaballathus dated the first year of his reign between August 267 and August 268, making late 267 the most probable date.[175] The assassination took place in either Anatolia or Syria.[176][177] There is no consensus on the manner, perpetrator or the motive behind the act.[176]
The historian Nathanael Andrade, noting that since the Augustan History, Zosimus, Zonaras, and Syncellus all refer to a family feud or a domestic conspiracy in their writings, they must have been recounting an early tradition regarding the assassination. Also, the story of Rufinus is a clue to tensions between Odaenathus and the Roman court.[189] The mint of Antioch on the Orontes ceased the production of Gallienus' coins in early 268, and while this could be related to fiscal troubles, it could also have been ordered by Zenobia in retaliation for the murder of her husband.[190] Andrade proposed that the assassination was the result of a coup conducted by Palmyrene notables in collaboration with the imperial court whose officials were dissatisfied with Odaenathus' autonomy.[191] On the other hand, Hartmann concluded that it is more probable that Odaenathus was killed in Pontus.[176]
Odaenathus was married twice. Nothing is known about his first wife's name or fate.[192] Zenobia was the King's second wife, whom he married in the late 250s when she was 17 or 18.[193]
How many children Odaenathus had with his first wife is unknown and only one is attested:
The children of Odaenathus and Zenobia were:
Possible descendants of Odaenathus living in later centuries are reported: Lucia Septimia Patabiniana Balbilla Tyria Nepotilla Odaenathiana is known through a dedication dating to the late third or early fourth century inscribed on a tombstone erected by a wet nurse to her "sweetest and most loving mistress".[note 32][201] The tombstone was found in Rome at the San Callisto in Trastevere.[202] Another possible relative is Eusebius who is mentioned by the fourth century rhetorician Libanius in 391 as a son of one Odaenathus, who was in turn a descendant of the King;[203] the father of Eusebius is mentioned as fighting against the Persians (most probably in the ranks of Emperor Julian's army).[204] In 393, Libanius mentioned that Eusebius promised him a speech written by Longinus for the King.[203] In the fifth century, the philosopher "Syrian Odaenathus" lived in Athens and was a student of Plutarch of Athens;[205] he might have been a distant descendant of the King.[206]
Mummification was practiced in Palmyra alongside inhumation and it is a possibility that Zenobia had her husband mummified.[207] The stone block bearing Odaenathus' sepulchral inscription was in the Temple of Bel in the nineteenth century,[11] and it was originally the architrave of the tomb.[47] It had been moved to the temple at some point and so the location of the tomb to which the block belonged is not known.[11] The tomb was probably built early in Odaenathus' career and before his marriage to Zenobia and it is plausible that another, more elaborate, tomb was built after Odaenathus became King of Kings.[208]
Roman law forbade the burial of individuals within a city.[209] This rule was strictly observed in the west, but it was applied more leniently in the eastern parts of the empire.[210] A burial within a city was one of the highest honors an individual other than the Emperor and his family could receive in the Roman Empire.[211] A notable person may be buried in this manner for different reasons, such as his leadership or monetary donations.[210] It meant that the deceased was not sent beyond the walls for fear of miasma (pollution), and that he would be part of the city's future civic life.[note 33][211] At the western end of the Great Colonnade at Palmyra, a shrine designated "Funerary Temple no. 86" (also known as the House Tomb) is located.[212][213] Inside its chamber, steps lead down to a vault crypt which is now lost.[213][214] This mausoleum might have belonged to the royal family, being the only tomb inside the city's walls. Odaenathus' royal power in itself was sufficient to earn him a burial within the city walls.[215][216]
The Augustan History claims that Maeonius was proclaimed emperor for a brief period before being killed by soldiers.[176][183][186] However, no inscriptions or other evidence exist for Maeonius' reign,[217] the very existence of which is doubtful.[218] The disappearance of Septimius Worod in 267 could be related to the internal coup; he could have been executed by Zenobia if he was involved; or killed by the conspirators if he was loyal to the King.[189] Odaenathus was succeeded by his son, the ten-year-old Vaballathus, under the regency of Zenobia;[219] Hairan II probably died soon after his father,[220] as only Vaballathus succeeded to the throne.[221]
Odaenathus was the founder of the Palmyrene royal dynasty.[222] He left Palmyra the premier power in the East,[223] and his actions laid the foundation of Palmyrene strength which culminated in the establishment of the Palmyrene Empire in 270.[76] Hero cults were not common in Palmyra, but the unprecedented position and achievements of Odaenathus might have given rise to such a practice:[224] a mosaic excavated in Palmyra depicts the Greek myth of Bellerophon defeating the Chimera on the back of Pegasus in one panel,[225] and a man in Palmyrene military outfit riding a horse and shooting at two tigers, with an eagle flying above in the other. According to Gianluca Serra, the conservation zoologist based in Palmyra at the time of the panel's discovery, the tigers are Panthera tigris virgata, once common in the region of Hyrcania in Iran.[226] Gawlikowski proposed that Odaenathus is heroized as Bellerophon, and that the archer is also a depiction of Odaenathus fighting the Persians depicted as tigers. This is supported by the title of mrn (lord) which appear on the archer panel, an honor carried only by Odaenathus and Hairan I.[227] The mosaic with its two panels indicates that Odaenathus was probably treated as a divine figure, and may have been worshipped in Palmyra.[224]
Odaenathus' memory as an able king, and loyal Roman, was used by the emperors Claudius II and Aurelian to tarnish Zenobia's reputation by portraying themselves as Odaenathus' avengers against his wife, the usurper who gained the throne through plotting.[228] The King was praised by Libanius,[229] and the fourth-century writer of the Augustan History, while placing Odaenathus among the Thirty Tyrants (probably because he assumed the title of king, in the view of the eighteenth-century historian Edward Gibbon),[230] speaks highly of his role in the Persian War and credits him with saving the empire: "Had not Odaenathus, prince of the Palmyrenes, seized the imperial power after the capture of Valerian when the strength of the Roman state was exhausted, all would have been lost in the East".[231] On the other hand, Odaenathus is viewed negatively in Rabbinic sources. His sack of Nehardea mortified the Jews,[232] and he was cursed by both the Babylonian Jews and the Jews of Palestine.[111] In the Christian version of the Apocalypse of Elijah, probably written in Egypt following the capture of Valerian,[233] Odaenathus is called the king who will rise from the "city of the sun" and will eventually be killed by the Persians;[234] this prophecy is a response to Odaenathus' persecution of the Jews and his destruction of Nahardea.[235] The Jewish Apocalypse of Elijah identifies Odaenathus as the Antichrist.[note 34][239]
Odaenathus, the mention of whose name alone caused the hearts of the Persians to falter. Everywhere victorious, he liberated the cities and the territories belonging to each of them and made the enemies place their salvation in their prayers rather than in the force of arms.
The successes of Odaenathus are treated sceptically by a number of modern scholars.[240] According to the Augustan History, Odaenathus "captured the king's treasures and he captured, too, what the Parthian monarchs hold dearer than treasures, namely his concubines. For this reason Shapur [I] was now in greater dread of the Roman generals, and out of fear of Ballista and Odaenathus he withdrew more speedily to his kingdom."[241] Sceptical scholars, such as Martin Sprengling, considered such accounts of ancient Roman historians "poor, scanty and confused".[242] However, the coronation dedication of Herodianus' statue, which stood on the Monumental Arch of Palmyra,[132] records his defeat of the Persians, for which he was crowned,[130][128] thus providing Palmyrene evidence that explicitly mentions the war against Persia; the victory attested is probably related to the first Persian campaign and not the battle of 260.[243]
The historian Andreas Alföldi concluded that Odaenathus started his wars with Persia by attacking the retreating Persian army at Edessa in 260. Such an attack is rejected by sceptical scholars; Sprengling noted that no evidence exists for such an engagement.[242] The Iranologist Walter Bruno Henning considered the accounts of Odaenathus' attack in 260 greatly exaggerated. Shapur I mentions that he made the Roman prisoners build him the Band-e Kaisar near Susiana, and built a city for those prisoners, which evolved into the current Gundeshapur; Henning cited those arguments as evidence for Shapur I's success in bringing his army and prisoners back home and Roman exaggeration regarding Odaenathus' successes.[244] Sprengling suggested that Shapur I did not have enough troops to garrison the Roman cities he occupied, and he was old and focused on religion and building; hence, Odaenathus merely retook abandoned cities and marched on Ctesiphon to heal Rome's pride, while being careful not to disturb the Persians and their emperor.[245] Other scholars, such as Jacob Neusner, noted that while the accounts of the 260 engagement might be an exaggeration, Odaenathus did become a real threat to Persia when he regained the cities formerly taken by Shapur I and besieged Ctesiphon.[246] The historian Louis Feldman rejected Henning's proposals;[247] and the historian Trevor Bryce concluded that whatever the nature of Odaenathus' campaigns, they led to the restoration of all Roman territories occupied by Shapur I – Rome was free of Persian threats for several years after Odaenathus' wars.[240]

The 2008 UK Music Video Awards were held on 14 October 2008 at the Odeon West End in Leicester Square, London to recognise the best in music videos and music film making from United Kingdom and worldwide.[1][2][non-primary source needed] The nominations were announced on 25 September 2008.[3]
Kate Nash — "Foundations"  (Director: Kinga Burza)
Supergrass — "Bad Blood"  (Director: Keith Schofield)
Björk — "Wanderlust"  (Director: Encyclopedia Pictura)
Utah Saints — "Something Good"  (Director: Eran Creevy)
Kano — "Hustler"  (Director: Nez)
Example — "Me And Mandy"  (Director: Henry Scholfield)
Justice — "Stress"  (Director: Romain Gavras)
Leona Lewis — "Bleeding Love"  (Director: Melina Matsoukas)
Björk — "Wanderlust"   (Art Director: Isaiah Saxon)
The Hoosiers — "Cops and Robbers"  (Stylist: Hannah Glossop, Suzie Coulthard)
The Last Shadow Puppets — "The Age of the Understatement"  (DOP: Andre Chemetoff)
KT Tunstall — "If Only"   (TK: Adrian Seery at Rushes)
Hot Chip — "Ready for the Floor"   (Editor: Dan Sherwin at Final Cut)
The Horrors — "She Is the New Thing"  (VFX: Corin Hardy, David Lupton)
Nima Nourizadeh
James Copeman
Grace Bodie
Tim Nash
Jonathan Glazer
Paintersville is an unincorporated community in Sacramento County, California, United States. Paintersville is located along the Sacramento River and California State Route 160 less than 1 mile (1.6 km) south-southwest of Courtland. The community is named after Levi Painter, who laid out lots in the community in 1879.[2]

This Sacramento County, California-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Beginning in August 2024, a siege, conducted by South African authorities, occurred at a closed gold mine in Stilfontein. The siege has resulted in the deaths of at least 78 illegal miners.
The Stilfontein gold mine in North West Province was once a major gold producer but ceased operations in 2013.[4][5] Since its closure, it has been a site for illicit mining activity, with artisanal miners (known locally as zama zamas attempting to extract remaining gold deposits in the abandoned shafts.[6] South African authorities began a siege of the mine in August 2024, cutting off food, water and medicine supplies, in an attempt to force illegal miners to come to the surface and be arrested.[1] The blocking of key shaft exits trapped miners underground, with reports suggesting that many were unable to resurface, fearing arrest or retribution from armed underground gangs who control mining operations.[7]
On 13 January 2025, months after the siege began, South African authorities, led by the Department of Mineral Resources,[8] began a court-ordered[3] rescue operation in the mine. A metal cage and lift system was used to recover survivors and deceased miners from a shaft more than 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) underground.[1] The South African National Civics Organisation sent volunteers down the shaft to accompany the rescue teams, and to advocate for the rights of the illegal miners.[3]
Miners, both alive and deceased, were recovered from the mine. Many of the miners emerging alive were emaciated, with tattered clothes and no footwear.[3] More than 1000 miners have surfaced since the siege began.[8]
Seventy-eight bodies were retrieved,[1] though there were also reports of 87 dead[2] or that more than 100 miners may have died.[3][9] On 16 January, it was reported that no-one else remained in the mine, and all survivors had been rescued.[10]
Police faced anger and a possible investigation for using tactics such as cutting off the miners' food supplies.[2]The Östliche Karwendelspitze (2,537 m) is a mountain formed from Wetterstein limestone in the Karwendel mountains on the border between Bavaria and Tyrol. It is the highest mountain of the Northern Karwendel chain and the highest German peak in the Karwendel. It was first climbed by Hermann von Barth on 4 July 1870.
The summit may be reached in 2½ hours from the Karwendelhaus (1,765 m) on a partially trackless mountain tour that requires Alpine experience. The ascent crosses a grass and schrofen covered ridge east of the Vogelkar cirque. Just below the summit there is a UIAA grade I climbing section. There is a challenging descent which is recommended via the Grabenkar cirque through partly rocky and scree-covered terrain (I) with a fast scree run (Schuttabfahrt), however it is too laborious for an ascent.
The Karwendelhaus in turn may be reached either from Scharnitz or from Hinterriß over the Kleiner Ahornboden. Because of the long approach along the valley to the Karwendelhaus, a two-day tour should be considered as an alternative to a 10½ hour round day trip.
The Östliche Karwendelspitze may also be climbed by skiers in the spring through the Grabenkar. In winter this is usually not possible due to the high risk of avalanche and the long routes.Lichana is a town and commune in Biskra Province, Algeria. According to the 1998 census it has a population of 8,740.[1]
Lichana is located in south-east Algeria, 360 km south of the capital Algiers, part of the Tolga Oasis, an area known internationally for high-quality dates (Deglet Nour) with more than 500,000 date palm trees in the area.
34°43′29″N 5°25′57″E﻿ / ﻿34.72472°N 5.43250°E﻿ / 34.72472; 5.43250

This article about a location in Biskra Province is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The 1986–87 Honduran Liga Nacional season was the 21st edition of the Honduran Liga Nacional. The format of the tournament was the same as the 1985-86 season. Club Deportivo Olimpia successfully defended its 1985-86 season title[1] in the final against runner-up Real C.D. España. Both qualified for berths to the 1987 CONCACAF Champions' Cup.
Anuradha Koirala (born Anuradha Gurung on 14 April 1949) is a social activist and the founder of Maiti Nepal, a non-profit organization dedicated to helping victims of sex trafficking.[2] She was appointed as 1st Governor of Bagmati Province from (17 January 2018 – 3 November 2019) by the Government of Nepal.[3]
Koirala was the first child of the colonel Pratap Singh Gurung and Laxmi Devi Gurung. She belonged to an educated family and was educated at St Joseph Convent School. Before she started Maiti-Nepal, she spent 20 years as a teacher, teaching English in different schools in Kathmandu.
Maiti Nepal operates a rehabilitation home in Kathmandu, as well as transit homes at the Indo-Nepal border towns, preventive homes in the countryside, and an academy in Kathmandu. Maiti Nepal ("Maiti" means "mother's home" in Nepali) has been a refuge for women rescued from the brothels in India. The women can stay in the homes run by Maiti Nepal until they can return to their homes, or if not accepted by their parents and society, they may stay until they become able to live independently. Between 1993 and 2022, she and her organisation have helped rescue and rehabilitate more than 50,000 women and girls.
Maiti Nepal also works on reuniting the rescued women with their families, patrolling the Indo-Nepal border with police and other law enforcement authorities, and also rescuing trafficked women from brothels in India with the help of Indian authorities.[4]
Koirala received the Courage of Conscience Award from The Peace Abbey in Sherborn, Massachusetts on 25 August 2006.[5] She won the CNN Hero of the Year award in 2010.[2] She has been called the Mother Teresa of Nepal for her work.[6]
The United States government gave a two-year grant of $500,000 (52124000. 00 in Nepali rupees) to Maiti Nepal in April 2010.[7]
In November 2017, Koirala joined Nepali Congress party.[8]
Koirala received the Best Social Worker of the Year Award (Nepal) in 1998, the Prabal Gorkha Dakshin Bahu Medal (Nepal) in 1999, the Trishaktipatta Award in 2002, the Courage of Conscience Award from The Peace Abbey Foundation in 2006, German UNIFEM Prize in 2007 and Queen Sofia Silver Medal Award in 2007.
In 2010, she was presented with the CNN Heroes award; Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher presented the award at a ceremony in Los Angeles, California.[9] She received USD 100,000 to continue her work with Maiti Nepal, in addition to USD 25,000 from CNN.[9][10]
She received the Mother Teresa Award in 2014.[11][12]
In 2014, Koirala was awarded the Acharya Tulsi Kartitva Puraskar by the Akhil Bhartiya Terapanth Mahila Mandal (ABTMM).
Koirala was conferred India's fourth highest civilian award Padma Shri in April 2017 by president Pranab Mukherjee.[13][14][15] In 2018 Koirala received the G.O.D. Award.[16]
anuradha one of the greatest woman  in nepal or an asia
″The Municipality of Logatec (pronounced [lɔˈɡaːtəts] ⓘ; Slovene: Občina Logatec) is a municipality in Slovenia.[2] The administrative seat of the municipality is the town of Logatec. It is located roughly in the centre of Inner Carniola, between the capital Ljubljana and Postojna. The area is mostly covered by forests and is known for biking and hiking routes.[3]
In addition to the municipal seat of Logatec, the municipality also includes the following settlements:
Jordon Bourke (born 11 November 1994) is a former professional Australian rules footballer who played for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).[2] The son of former Geelong and Brisbane Bears ruckman Damian Bourke, Jordon is a tall strong-marking player who can play at either end of the ground.
Bourke grew up in Coorparoo, Queensland, and was scouted by Brisbane Lions scouts for his natural talent. Chosen in the Queensland side for the 2011 National Under 18s championship, Bourke led the team to the Division Two title. His efforts were recognized with the Championships' Division Two Most Valuable Player award. He was selected in the AIS-AFL Academy program and was drafted by Brisbane in the 2013 Rookie Draft at number 63. He was the first Lions Academy member to graduate onto the Lions' official playing list.
Bourke played the majority of his debut season as a defender with Brisbane's reserves side in the North East Australian Football League (NEAFL), helping the Lions to their second NEAFL title in a row.
Bourke made his AFL debut in the last minor round match of 2014. In 2015 he played five senior games in a row before being dropped back to the NEAFL and was delisted at the end of the season.

This Australian rules football biography of a person born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."Help Me!!" is the 52nd single by the J-pop group Morning Musume, released in Japan on January 23, 2013.[1]
"Help Me!!" will be the first single by Morning Musume on which Sakura Oda participates.[2][3]
The single will be released in eight versions: regular editions A and B and six limited editions: A, B, C, D, E, and F. The Limited Editions A, B, and C will come with a bonus DVD, all the other edition will be CD-only. Also, all the limited editions will include an entry card for the lottery to win a launch event ticket.[4]
Help Me!! Vocalists
Main Voc: Reina Tanaka, Riho Sayashi
Center Voc: Mizuki Fukumura, Sakura Oda
Minor Voc: Sayumi Michishige, Erina Ikuta, Kanon Suzuki, Haruna Iikubo, Ayumi Ishida, Masaki Sato Haruka Kudo
All tracks are written by Tsunku
Sealed into all the Limited Editions
Carl Eugene Brazley (born September 5, 1957) is a former football player in the Canadian Football League (CFL) for thirteen years. Brazley played defensive back for the Montreal Alouettes, Ottawa Rough Riders and Toronto Argonauts from 1980 to 1992. He was a CFL All-Star in 1983, the same season he won the Grey Cup with the Argonauts. Brazley also played for the San Diego Chargers as a replacement player in 1987. He played college football at Western Kentucky University. He ended his 13-year career in 1993, playing with the Toronto Argonauts.


This biographical article relating to a Canadian football defensive back is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Gustaf Adolf Sundquist (June 4, 1879 – August 25, 1918) was an ordinary seaman serving in the United States Navy during the Spanish–American War who received the Medal of Honor for bravery.[1]
Sundquist was born June 4, 1879, in Sweden and after immigrating to the United States he entered the Navy. He was sent to fight in the Spanish–American War aboard the U.S.S. Nashville as an ordinary seaman.[2]
After receiving the Medal of Honor for his actions during the Spanish–American War he retired from the Navy in 1900. He rejoined the Navy in World War I and served as a chief special mechanic. Sundquist was drowned in France on August 25, 1918, and declared missing in action. He has a cenotaph in Brookwood American Cemetery and Memorial (ABMC) Brookwood Surrey, England.[3][4]
Rank and organization: Ordinary Seaman, U.S. Navy. Born: 4 June 1879, Sweden. Accredited to: New York. G.O. No.: 529, 2 November 1899.
Citation:
On board the U.S.S. Nashville during the operation of cutting the cable leading from Cienfuegos, Cuba, 11 May 1898. Facing the heavy fire of the enemy, Sundquist displayed extraordinary bravery and coolness throughout this action.[2]
This biographical article related to the United States Navy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Mioko is a populated island in the Duke of York Islands archipelago in Papua New Guinea.[1] Located in East New Britain Province, in the east of the country, about 800 km (500 mi) north of Port Moresby.
The land of Mioko Island is generally flat with the highest point being 33 metres (108 ft) above sea level.  The island is about 1.3 km (0.81 mi) from north to south and 1.9 km (1.2 mi) east to west with an area of about 1.3 square kilometres (0.50 sq mi).

This article about an island in Papua New Guinea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Football Club Legnago Salus (formerly Associazione Calcio Legnago Salus) is an Italian football club based in Legnago, Veneto.
It currently plays in Serie C, the third-highest division in the Italian football league system.
The club was founded in 1921 and changed its name many times.
In 1945–46 season Legnago won its Serie C group, but lost the promotional play-off that would have given it access to the Serie B championship. The club played in the IV Serie (now called Serie D) during three different periods: from 1952 to 1954, then from 1971 to 1980, and from 1993 to 2002.
In the 1971–72 Serie D season, Legnago ended the championship in second place and gained access to the promotion playoffs, then lost 1–0 to Vigevano. The match was played at Stadio Mario Rigamonti in Brescia in front of 7,000 spectators.
In the season 1994–95, Legnago ended in third place behind Treviso and Triestina with Gigi Manganotti as manager. On 30 November 1997 Legnago signed the record number of 1,200 spectators attending the match versus Trento.
After a long period in Serie D, the club relegated to Eccellenza in 2002 and Promozione one year later.
In the 2006–07 season Legnago won the Promozione league and gained promotion to Eccellenza Lombardy.
In the 2009–10 season Legnago won the Eccellenza Lombardy league and gained promotion to Serie D.
On 30 June 2011, A.C. Legnago Salus changed its denomination to F.C. Legnago Salus SSD.[1]
In the 2011–12 season the club gained access to the semifinal of Serie D promotion play-off, where it was eliminated by SandonàJesolo.
In the 2019–20 season, Legnago ended in second place behind Campodarsego, being successively admitted to Serie C due to the latter's renouncing to promotion.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules; some limited exceptions apply. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules; some limited exceptions apply. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

This article about an Italian football club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Kosmo (also spelled Kosmos or Cosmo) is a ghost town in Box Elder County, Utah, United States. The town was built in two sections, with the east end built in 1901 to serve as a rail spur of the First transcontinental railroad for the ranchers in the area.
The western part of the town was constructed in 1912, about one-half mile from the east part, as a spur for potash mining. Potash had become difficult to acquire during World War I, as its major producer was Germany. The Salt Lake Potash Company was established to combat the shortages and built ponds, canals, a rail spur and processing station in West Kosmo.
In addition, three bunkhouses, a cookhouse, garage, stock corral, general store, blacksmith and coal house were constructed in the town. A 1925 Utah Gazetteer noted the town had a population of 200 people. All that remain of the town are a few concrete foundations and canals in West Kosmo.[1][2]
Kosmo's post office was operational from 1919 through 1922.[3]
The town was near the epicenter of the 1934 Hansel Valley earthquake,[4] which damaged structures in the town.[5]
Anil alias Balasaheb Shankarao Mangulkar (born 1959)[1] is an Indian politician from Maharashtra. He is an MLA from Yavatmal Assembly constituency in Yavatmal district. He won the 2024 Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election representing the Indian National Congress.[2][3]
Mangulkar is from small village Bhaari near Yavatmal city. His father Shankarrao Baliramji Mangulkar was a farmer. He passed Class 12 from Anglo Hindi High School, Yavatmal.[1] He is close to Darda Family of Yavatmal and worked with former Congress MLA Nilesh Deshmukh Parvekar.[citation needed]
Mangulkar lost by a margin of 2,253 votes to Madan Yerawar of the BJP in the 2019 Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election. But he won the next election from Yavatmal representing Indian National Congress in the 2024 Maharashtra Legislative Assembly election. He polled 117,504 votes and defeated his nearest rival, Madan Madhukar Yerawar of the Bharatiya Janata Party, by a margin of 11,381 votes.[4][5]Finlayson Lake Airport (TC LID: CFT3) is located adjacent to the south side of the Robert Campbell Highway near Ross River, Yukon, Canada.

This article about an airport in the Yukon is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Brooks Macdonald Group plc is a British wealth management company headquartered in London[3] with eleven offices across the UK. The company provides discretionary investment management, financial planning, and fund management services for private high net worth individuals, pension funds and institutions.
Initially named Brooks Macdonald, Gayer & Co, the company was founded in 1991 by Chris Macdonald, Jonathan Gumpel, Richard Spencer and Martin Mullany.[4]
By 1993, the company reached £250 million in funds under management.[4] In 2002, the company incorporated Brooks Macdonald Group plc.[5]
The company began trading on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange (AIM) in 2005.[6] Chris Macdonald was CEO of the listed business.
Funds under management by Brooks Macdonald exceeded £1 billion in 2007,[7] the business opened a Manchester office in the same year.[4]
In 2008, Chris Macdonald stepped back from his role as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Macdonald remained CEO but Nick Holmes and Andrew Shepherd were appointed as joint managing directors.[8]
In 2009, Brooks Macdonald completed its first major acquisition, purchasing UK-based fund manager Lawrence House.[9] In in the same year, the company opened its first branch in Scotland.[10]
The company made its second major acquisition in 2010, purchasing property firm Braemar Group.[11] In 2010 funds under management exceeded £2 billion for the first time. The company paid its first dividend in this year.[4]
In August 2011, the company acquired the investment arm of law firm Clarke Willmott, gaining £120 million of discretionary client assets[12] in the transaction. In the same year, Brooks Macdonald unveiled a new funds business which had £100 million in assets under management at launch.[13]
Funds under management for the company surpassed £3 billion[4] in 2012. In November of that year, Brooks Macdonald acquired Spearpoint, a discretionary fund management service provider based in the Channel Islands.[14]
Brooks Macdonald acquired DPZ Capital[15] and Levitas Investment Management Services[16] in 2014, taking funds under management to a total of more than £6 billion.[4]
Andrew Shepherd was promoted to deputy chief executive[17] in August 2015.
In April 2017, Chris Macdonald stepped down as chief executive. Caroline Connellan was announced as his successor.[18] In the same year, Brooks Macdonald opened its first office in Wales.[19]
In March 2019, Andrew Shepherd was appointed CEO of Brooks Macdonald International.[20] Later that year the company acquired Scotland-based Cornelian Asset Managers; the acquisition increased Brooks Macdonald's funds under management by around 10%.[21]
In 2020, Brooks Macdonald acquired Lloyds Bank International's offshore management and funds business.[22]
Andrew Shepherd was appointed Brooks Macdonald's chief executive officer the following year, succeeding Caroline Connellan, who departed the business.[23]
Brooks Macdonald acquired Warwickshire-based independent financial adviser Integrity Wealth[24] in September 2022. In the same month the company announced the purchase of Manchester-based Adroit Financial Planning, adding a further £350 million in assets under management to the firm.[25]
Also in September it was reported that the company had responded to the cost of living crisis by giving staff who were earning £50,000 per year or less a £1,000 pay rise to combat the increase in utility price cap.[26]
In August 2023, the company partnered with UK charity Family Business United, supporting the financial planning and investment management of 250 companies in the UK.[27]
In March 2024, the international division of Brooks Macdonald was placed under review.[28] In June, Andrew Shepherd announced his decision to retire. Chief Financial Officer Andrea Montague was announced as his successor.[29]
As of March 2024, Brooks Macdonald had £17.9 billion in funds under management.[30]
Having founded the business in 1991 alongside Richard Spencer, Jonathan Gumpel and Martin Mullany,[4] Chris Macdonald served as chief executive officer for 25 years before he was succeeded by Caroline Connellan in April 2017.[31]
In 2018, Connellan joined the board of the British trade association Investment Association, representing the investment management industry in the UK.[32] Connellan left the company in 2021, replaced by Andrew Shepherd,[23] who had previously served as managing director[8] and deputy chief executive[17] since joining Brooks Macdonald in 2008. Shepherd was the company's CEO until 2024, when he announced his retirement. Andrea Montague, who had served the business as CFO, was named as his successor. Montague is currently chief executive officer designate, ahead of formally becoming CEO in October.[29]
In 2023, Maarten Slendebroek was appointed chairman and non-executive director following the departure of Richard Price;[33] Andrea Montague was appointed executive director and chief financial officer.[34]
In 2024, Alex Charalambous was appointed head of wealth,[35] while Richard Larner and Michael Toolan were appointed Co-Chief Investment Officers succeeding Edward Park.[36]
Founder Richard Spencer remains at the firm as senior adviser to the Investment Committee. He previously served as chief investment officer.[37]Lizard is a Nigerian short film co-written by Akinola Davies and Wale Davies and directed by Davies. It was the only Nigerian submission at the 2021 Sundance Film Festival and the first Nigerian production to win the Grand Jury Prize at the festival.[1][2][3]
Lizard tells the story of Juwon, an 8 year old girl who gets kicked out of Sunday school for having the extraordinary ability for sensing danger. She gets involved in criminal activities following this.[4]
Lizard is set in 1990s Lagos[1] and based on a real life event that happened to Akinola Davies but was infused with fantasy.[4]
Lizard won the Grand Jury Prize at the 2021 Sundance Film Festival.[1]Ronald M. Holdaway (born November 27, 1934)[1] is a former judge of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims and retired United States Army brigadier general.
Holdaway was born in Afton, Wyoming. After graduating from Star Valley High School in Afton, he received his Bachelor of Arts degree in history in 1957 and his law degree from the University of Wyoming in 1959. Upon completion of the Reserve Officers' Training Corps curriculum and the course of study at the University of Wyoming, he was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the infantry, later transferring to the Judge Advocate General's Corps. His military education includes the Infantry Officer Basic Course, the Basic and Advanced Courses at the Judge Advocate General's School, the United States Army Command and General Staff College, and the Industrial College of the Armed Forces, National Defense University.
Prior to his appointment to the bench and retirement from the Army, Holdaway held a wide variety of important positions including Chief Judge, United States Army Court of Military Review, and Commander, United States Army Legal Services Agency, Washington, D.C.
Holdaway was also the Judge Advocate of United States Army Europe and Seventh Army in Heidelberg, Germany. Other key assignments included Executive to the Judge Advocate General, and Assistant Judge Advocate General for Civil Law. Earlier in his career he served in Vietnam as the Staff Judge Advocate of the 1st Cavalry Division. Returning to the United States, he served as Deputy and later as Chief of the Government Appellate Division of the U.S. Army Judiciary.  In that capacity he was the Chief Government Appellate Counsel for the appellate phase of the Calley case. Remaining in Washington, he was the Chief of Personnel, Plans and Training Office with the Office of the Judge Advocate General. Following attendance at the Industrial College of the Armed Forces, Holdaway served as Staff Judge Advocate of VII U.S. Corps in Stuttgart, Germany. He retired from the U.S. Army in 1989 as a Brigadier General.
Holdaway was nominated by President George H. W. Bush and confirmed by the United States Senate as a Judge of the United States Court of Veterans Appeals in 1990.
Ronald M. Holdaway retired from the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims in November 2002.  He married Judith K. Janowski in December 1958[1] and has two children.[2] His younger twin brother Donald, a retired United States Air Force lawyer, died in 2016.[3]Labour First is a British political organisation associated with the Labour Party. It was originally founded in 1980 but refounded in 1988. Born out of the political right wing of the Labour Party's struggles with its left wing, it sees itself as protecting the tradition of the "old Labour right".[1][2] It has been described externally as "the voice of the party’s traditional right" and "a group on the right of the party".[3][4] It organises petitions, endorses likeminded candidates, and runs events.
The original Labour First formed in 1980 as a grouping of Members of Parliament (MPs) on the right of the Labour Party who, while politically aligned with fellow Labour right faction, The Manifesto Group, desired a more collegiate party and thought that the left-right factional battles of the 1970s and 1980s were damaging the party's electoral prospects. The group's chair was Brynmor John and its secretary was Edmund Marshall. By 1983, the grouping had effectively merged into the Labour Solidarity Campaign, the successor to The Manifesto Group.[5]
In late 1987, the Labour Solidarity Campaign was in the process of winding itself up, believing that it had won its fight against the Labour left. A core of Labour Solidarity activists centred around John Spellar argued that there was a need to continue to organise. With Brynmor John's permission, they continued under the Labour First name, founding the current incarnation of Labour First.[5][6]
Labour First aims to counter the left wing of the Labour Party, ensuring that what they define as "moderate" voices are heard, which they believe will ensure Labour remains as electable as possible in the Westminster system.[6] It calls these aims "Clause One Socialism", after Clause One of the Labour Party constitution, which sets the Labour Party's aims as maintaining a Labour Party in the Parliament of the United Kingdom.[7]
Labour First represents pro-NATO, pro-United States, and pro-nuclear deterrent stances in the party, and has been traditionally pro-European Union (EU).[8]
Labour First is a network of freely associating Labour Party members who share their personal contact details with the organisation. It maintains a network of volunteer local organisers. In 2016, the Birmingham Mail identified MPs John Spellar, Tom Watson, and Ian Austin as having links with Labour First, and reported it as describing itself as "a network of Labour moderates fighting against Momentum and other Hard Left groups to keep Labour as a broad-based and electable party". MP Khalid Mahmood has also attended Labour First events.[9]
Its secretary is Luke Akehurst, the Labour MP for North Durham, and its chair is Keith Dibble, a Labour councillor and cabinet member on Rushmoor Council in Hampshire.  In 2017, Labour First employed its first full-time national organiser.[10] In 2019, a digital organiser was also employed. It organises petitions, endorses "moderate" candidates in Labour Party elections, and runs a series of meet-ups and events both at Labour Party conference and in the country at large.
The Labour First Parliamentary Network is a parliamentary caucus open to Labour MPs who share the politics of Labour First. It was founded after the 2024 general election by Luke Akehurst and its convener Gurinder Singh Josan as a competitor to the left-wing Socialist Campaign Group. In a joint statement, Akehurst, Josan, John Spellar and Ruth Smeeth invited Labour MPs to join the group, stating that it took several years of "hard graft" to win the party back from those on the left, who they warned were "still waiting in the wings to take advantage of any discord within the party".[11][12] The group has been described as "pro-Starmer".[12]
Historically, Labour First had little connection with Progress (since 2021 Progressive Britain), a more recent Labour party factional organisation on the right of the Labour party, originally associated with New Labour.[13] The rise of Jeremy Corbyn and Momentum in the Labour Party saw Progress and Labour First, while remaining distinct organisations with different traditions, carry out more joint activities, including joint endorsement of candidates in internal party elections.[14][6] During the 2020 Labour Party leadership election, Labour First formed a joint venture with Progress called Reclaiming Labour, holding meetings around the country analysing why Labour lost heavily in the 2019 United Kingdom general election.[15]
In April 2020, immediately on the election of Keir Starmer as party leader, Labour First and Progress launched jointly a new umbrella organisation called Labour to Win, with goals including "to bring about fundamental change in the party's culture and organisation".[16] Labour to Win endorsed candidates in the 2020 Labour National Executive Committee (NEC) elections; owing to the newly adopted single transferable vote nature of the elections and in the spirit of electing a pluralistic NEC, the organisation chose only to endorse six of its own candidates and also to endorse three candidates politically more to the left than Labour to Win but who had a commitment to broad church Labour politics.[17]Be-Free Program  of Bahrain Women Association - for Human Development is a program concerned with the protection of children and teenagers from abuse and neglect. As well as building their personalities, so they can take effective and positive roles in the community. It was started on 19 March 2002, with the support of the former Human Rights Commissioner Mary Robinson[citation needed].
Trains children on essential protection skills in a fun and interactive way, away from fear, as studies show that more than 85% of child abuse cases could have been prevented if children knew some protection skills.
Parents are also trained on the main concepts and skills to contribute in the protection of their children.
In April 2008, and in partnership with UNICEF, Be-Free started a program for Teaching child rights to children, under the name "It's my right to understand my rights". This project is based on the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child.
In July 2008, Be-Free started a new project to protect children from the dangers of the Internet "SMART+".[1]
In February 2009, Be-Free launched a special protection program for Children with disability "I am a Strong, Smart, and Safe Child …in spite of my disability" under the patronage of the UN Special Rapporteur on Disability H.H. Sh. Hessa Al-Thani.
Students encounter a number of obstacles and challenges during the course of their educational journey, this project assists students and their parents in facing these challenges, and learn from them.
In 2011, Be-Free launched this project that aims at creating a culture in which differences between people in color, nationality, language, faith, etc. are respected, and everyone learns from them.
A pioneer project, launched in 2014,  that assists educational institutions with its different levels in adopting innovative and creative methods to make the institutions a more desirable place for students.  It increases their awareness, and moves them beyond learning to reach universal knowledge. It inspires them to transcend the limitations of self-centered life to aspire for building communities and painting their Humanistic mark on the world ...
Personal names in German-speaking Europe consist of one or several given names (Vorname, plural Vornamen) and a surname (Nachname, Familienname). The Vorname is usually gender-specific. A name is usually cited in the "Western order" of "given name, surname". The most common exceptions are alphabetized list of surnames, e.g. "Bach, Johann Sebastian", as well as some official documents and spoken southern German dialects. In most of this, the German conventions parallel the naming conventions in most of Western and Central Europe, including English, Dutch, Italian, and French. There are some vestiges of a patronymic system as they survive in parts of Eastern Europe and Scandinavia, but these do not form part of the official name.
Women traditionally adopted their husband's name upon marriage and would occasionally retain their maiden name by hyphenation, in a so-called Doppelname, e.g. "Else Lasker-Schüler". Recent legislation motivated by gender equality now allows a married couple to choose the surname they want to use, including an option for men to keep their birthname hyphenated to the common family name in the same way. It is also possible for the spouses to do without a common surname altogether and to keep their birthnames.
The most common given names are either Biblical ("Christian", derived from names of Biblical characters or saints; Johann/Hans "John", Georg/Jörg "George", Jakob "Jacob" and "James"; Anna, Maria, Barbara, Christina) or from Germanic names (Friedrich "Frederick", Ludwig "Louis", etc.) Since the 1990s, there has however been a trend of parents picking non-German forms of names, either for originality, or influenced by international celebrities, e.g. Liam (Gaelic form of William) rather than the German equivalent Wilhelm[citation needed] and Mila.
Most surnames are derived either from given names (patronym), occupations, or from geographical origin, less often from bodily attributes. They became heritable with the beginning of central demographic records in the early modern period.
The Vorname (in English forename) is usually given to a child by the parents shortly after birth. It is common to give a child several Vornamen  (forenames), one of them intended for everyday use and known as the Rufname ("appellation name" or "call name").
This Rufname is often underlined on official documents, as it is sometimes the second or third name in the sequence of given names on official record, even though it is the given name in daily use from childhood.[1] For example, in the resume submitted by mathematician Emmy Noether to Erlangen University in 1907,[2]
"Ich, Amalie Emmy Noether, bayerischer Staatsangehörigkeit und israelitischer Konfession, bin geboren zu Erlangen am 23. März 1882 ..."
"I, Amalie Emmy Noether, of Bavarian nationality and of Israelite confession, born in Erlangen on 23 March 1882..."
the underlining of Emmy communicates that this is the Rufname, even though it is the second of two official given names.
In Germany, the chosen name must be approved by the local Standesamt  (civil registry office). Although a 1980 law previously stated that the name must indicate the gender of the child, a 2008 court ruling unanimously upheld the right of parents to decide their child's name, stating that the only legal limitation is that the name does not negatively affect the well-being of the child.[3][4][5]
Among German nobility, a fashion arose in the early modern period[citation needed] to give a large number of forenames, often six or more. This fashion was to some extent copied by the bourgeois class, but subsided again after the end of the 19th century, so that while two or three forenames remain common, a larger number is now rare. The practice persists among German nobility, e.g. Johann Friedrich Konrad Carl Eduard Horst Arnold Matthias, Prince of Saxe-Meiningen, Duke of Saxony (b. 1952), Ernst August Albert Paul Otto Rupprecht Oskar Berthold Friedrich-Ferdinand Christian-Ludwig, Prince of Hanover (b. 1954), Christian Heinrich Clemens Paul Frank Peter Welf Wilhelm-Ernst Friedrich Franz Prince of Hanover and Dukelin, Duke of Brunswick and Lüneburg (b. 1985).
Traditionally, there are dialectal differences between the regions of German-speaking Europe, especially visible in the forms of hypocorisms. These differences are still perceptible in the list of most popular names, even though they are marginalized by super-regional fashionable trends: As of 2012, the top ten given names of Baden-Württemberg (Southern Germany) and of Schleswig-Holstein (Northern Germany) share the entries Ben, Paul, Finn, Luca, Max (male), Mia, Emma, Lea, Leonie, Anna, Lena, Hanna, while Schleswig-Holstein retains the traditionally northern (Low German) forms Lasse (male) and Neele (female) in the top ten.[6]
The following table gives the most popular given names in Germany for every tenth year (since 1890).[clarification needed][7]
Anna,
Martha / Marta,
Frieda / Frida,
Berta / Beertha,
Emma,
Marie,
Maria,
Margarethe / Margarete,
Erna,
Elsa
Carl / Karl,
Wilhelm,
Otto,
Heinrich,
Friedrich,
Paul,
Hans,
Gustav,
Max,
Ernst
Anna,
Martha / Marta,
Frieda / Frida,
Emma,
Marie,
Elisabeth,
Maria,
Berta / Bertha,
Gertrud,
Margarethe / Margarete
Wilhelm,
Carl / Karl,
Heinrich,
Hermann,
Friedrich,
Paul,
Otto,
Ernst,
Hans,
Walter / Walther
Gertrud,
Erna,
Martha / Marta,
Hertha / Herta,
Margarethe / Margarete,
Anna,
Käthe,
Elisabeth,
Frieda / Frida,
Hildegard,
Walter / Walther,
Carl / Karl,
Hans,
Wilhelm,
Otto,
Curt / Kurt,
Heinrich,
Hermann,
Paul,
Helmut / Helmuth
Ilse,
Hildegard,
Gertrud,
Irmgard,
Gerda,
Lieselotte,
Elfriede,
Ursula,
Edith,
Erna
Hans,
Carl / Karl,
Heinz,
Curt / Kurt,
Werner,
Walter / Walther,
Günter / Günther,
Herbert,
Helmut / Helmuth,
Gerhard,
Rolf
Ursula,
Helga,
Gisela,
Inge,
Gerda,
Ingrid,
Ingeborg,
Ilse,
Edith,
Hildegard
Günter / Günther,
Hans,
Carl / Karl,
Heinz,
Werner,
Gerhard,
Horst,
Helmut / Helmuth,
Walter / Walther,
Curt / Kurt,
Rolf
Karin,
Ingrid,
Helga,
Renate,
Elke,
Ursula,
Erika,
Christa,
Gisela,
Monika
Peter,
Klaus / Claus,
Hans,
Jürgen,
Dieter,
Günter / Günther,
Horst,
Manfred,
Uwe,
Wolfgang
Brigitte,
Renate,
Karin,
Angelika,
Monika,
Ursula,
Ingrid,
Marion,
Barbara,
Gisela, Regina
Peter,
Hans,
Wolfgang,
Klaus / Claus,
Manfred,
Jürgen,
Michael,
Bernd,
Werner,
Günter / Günther
Sabine,
Susanne,
Petra,
Birgit,
Gabriele,
Andrea,
Martina,
Ute,
Heike,
Angelika
Thomas,
Michael,
Andreas,
Peter,
Frank,
Uwe,
Klaus / Claus,
Stefan / Stephan,
Jürgen,
Jörg
Nicole,
Anja,
Claudia,
Stefanie / Stephanie,
Andrea,
Tanja,
Katrin / Catrin / Kathrin,
Susanne,
Petra,
Sabine
Stefan / Stephan,
Michael,
Andreas,
Thomas,
Frank,
Markus / Marcus,
Christian,
Oliver,
Matthias,
Torsten
Julia,
Katrin / Catrin / Kathrin,
Stefanie / Stephanie,
Melanie,
Sandra,
Anja,
Nicole,
Nadine,
Christina,
Sabrina
Christian,
Michael,
Sebastian,
Stefan / Stephan,
Jan,
Daniel,
Martin,
Dennis,
Alexander,
Thomas
Julia,
Sarah / Sara,
Jennifer,
Katharina,
Lisa,
Christina,
Jessika / Jessica,
Anna,
Laura,
Melanie
Jan,
Tobias,
Christian,
Alexander,
Daniel,
Patrick,
Dennis,
Sebastian,
Marcel,
Philipp
Anna,
Lea / Leah,
Sarah / Sara,
Hannah / Hanna,
Michelle,
Laura,
Lisa,
Lara,
Lena,
Julia
Lukas / Lucas,
Jan,
Tim,
Finn / Fynn,
Leon,
Niklas / Niclas,
Tom,
Jonas,
Jannik / Yannik / Yannick / Yannic,
Luca / Luka
Mia,
Hannah / Hanna,
Lena,
Lea / Leah,
Emma,
Anna,
Leonie / Leoni,
Lilli / Lilly / Lili,
Emily / Emilie,
Lina
Leon,
Lukas / Lucas,
Ben,
Finn / Fynn,
Jonas,
Paul,
Luis / Louis,
Maximilian,
Luca / Luka,
Felix
Mia,
Emilia,
Hannah / Hanna,
Emma,
Sofia / Sophia,
Lina,
Ella,
Mila,
Clara,
Lea / Leah
Noah / Noa,
Ben,
Mateo / Matteo / Matheo / Mattheo,
Finn / Fynn,
Leon,
Elias / Elyas,
Paul,
Henry / Henri,
Luis / Louis,
Felix
Surnames (family name; Nachname, Familienname) were gradually introduced in German-speaking Europe during the Late Middle Ages. Many of such surnames are derived from nicknames. They are generally classified into four groups by derivation:
given names, occupational designations, bodily attributes, and toponyms (including references to named buildings). Also, many family names display characteristic features of the dialect of the region they originated in.
The preposition von ("of") was used to distinguish nobility; for example, if someone was baron of the village of Veltheim, his family name would be von Veltheim. In modern times, people who were elevated to nobility often had a 'von' added to their name. For example, Johann Wolfgang Goethe had his name changed to Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. This practice ended with the abolition of the monarchy in Germany and Austria in 1919. Sometimes von is also used in geographical names that are not noble, as in von Däniken.
With family names originating locally, many names display particular characteristics of the local dialects, such as the south German, Austrian and Swiss diminutive endings -l -el, -erl, -le or -li as in Kleibl, Schäuble or Nägeli (from 'Nagel', nail). The same is true for regional variants in the naming of professions. While a barrel-maker from Hamburg may have been called "Böttcher", a Bavarian could easily have been called "Schäffler".
The surnames of the German Jews are a special case, as they were introduced later, in the late 18th to early 19th century, per fiat.[9] The Prussian authorities imposed made-up and sometimes derogatory names. For instance, the name "Waldlieferant" (lit.: forest supplier) was "created" to ridicule a Jewish timber trader.[citation needed] Even way more offensive expressions ("Afterduft"; lit.: anus odour) were in use.[citation needed] This is by no means the rule, though; on the contrary, those surnames most quickly recognized as probably Jewish in origin are distinctly poetical ones, probably as they were made-up choices by the people themselves (e.g. Rosenzweig).
Immigration, often sponsored by local authorities, also brought foreign family names into the German-speaking regions. Depending on regional history, geography and economics, many family names have French, Dutch, Italian, Hungarian or Slavic (e.g. Polish) origins. Sometimes they survived in their original form; in other cases, the spelling would be adapted to German (the Slavic ending ic becoming the German -itz or -itsch or Baltic "-kis" becoming "-ke"). Over time, the spelling often changed to reflect native German pronunciation (Sloothaak for the Dutch Sloothaag); but some names, such as those of French Huguenots settling in Prussia, retained their spelling but with the pronunciation that would come naturally to a German reading the name: Marquard, pronounced French pronunciation: [maʁkaʁ] in French, ended up being pronounced German pronunciation: [ˈmaʁkvaʁt] much like the German Markwart from which it was originally derived.
Traditionally, the wife adopts her husband's Nachname on marriage and drops her own. However, due to the legal equality of sexes, the opposite is possible as well, though rare.
A few examples of the practice under German law, if "Herr (Mr) Schmidt" and "Frau (Miss) Meyer" marry:[10]
All children of a family have to receive the same non-hyphenated Nachname at birth, which may be either the mother's or the father's Nachname (traditionally it was the father's). If the parents adopted an Ehename this is the Nachname of the child. It is strictly forbidden to give children Doppelnamen if it is not the Ehename.[11] The latter case can arise with traditional aristocratic Doppelnamen (e.g. Faber-Castell).
In Austria (§ 93 ABGB), a couple can choose either of their surnames as married name. In the default case, each partner retains their unmarried name. The partner who is changing surnames has the possibility to use their unmarried name alongside the married name with hyphenation.
In Switzerland (Art. 160 ZGB), the couple can opt to both retain their unmarried name, or the couple can choose to use either surname as their married name. If both retain their name, they need to declare which will be the surname of any future children.
Titles of former aristocrats (like Graf for "Count") have become parts of the Nachname in Germany, giving longer names of several words, usually including the nobiliary particle von (meaning "of") or zu (meaning "to", sometimes "at"), often von und zu are also found together (meaning "of and to/at").[12][13] The legal rules for these names are the same as those for other Nachnamen, which gives rise to a number of cases where people legally bear such names but are not recognized by the associations of formerly noble families in Germany, which continue to apply the old rules of the German Empire in their publications. Most of these cases come about when a woman of noble descent marries a man with no title, and the two adopt the woman's name as their common Nachname, which was impossible under imperial law.
In Austria, titles of nobility including certain other orders and honours held by Austrian citizens have since 3 April 1919 been abolished, including nobiliary particles such as von, the use of such titles by Austrian citizens is an offence punishable with a financial enforcement penalty.[14][better source needed] For example, Otto von Habsburg, Austria-Hungary's last crown prince, was referred to as Otto Habsburg(-Lothringen) in Austria. In Switzerland, where titles of nobility have been rare for several centuries, they can be used in private conversation, but are not officially recognized.[citation needed]
The most common surnames in Germany, counting different spellings together, are roughly:[15]
If different spellings are counted separately, the order is different:[15]
These ten names are all occupational names, designating common occupations around 1600 when surnames became heritable. That's why these names arose independently across Germany.
[17]
Traditionally, there was a differentiation of surnames of women from those of their male siblings, which was widespread in Germany until the 18th century. Thus, in old records, especially church registers on rites de passage, such as baptisms, deaths and marriages etc., women may appear bearing regionally typical female surname variants (like, in South Germany: Peter Huber, but Anna Huberin). With the establishment of general official registration of legal names, this practice was abolished in the 18th and the 19th centuries, depending on the legislation of the respective states.
Also, the spelling of given and surnames, varying previously from author to author, or even entry to entry, was then mostly fixed according to the official recorded form. Former noble titles appearing in male and female variants were transformed by the Weimar Constitution, article 109, into parts of the surnames in Germany, but a new tradition of gender-specific variants, for official registration, was established for these surnames. This practice was confirmed in a judgement by the Reichsgericht on 10 March 1926.[18][19][20]
Colloquially, surname variants for women continue to appear in some German dialects. In Bavarian dialect surnames of women sometimes are formed by adding the ending "-in", used in standard High German to indicate noun variants for women or items of grammatical feminine gender, such as Näherin (seamstress), with Näher (seamster) being the male form. Thus a Frau (Mrs.) Gruber may be referred to as "Gruberin". In West Low German parlance the ending "…sch(e)" is sometimes added to surnames of women, related to the standard High German adjective ending "…isch" (cognitive to English "…ish"), suffixed to nouns or adjectives indicating belonging / pertaining to, being of the kind described by the suffixed word: for example, de Smidtsche, is Ms Schmidt (Smith), but literally something like the Smithian (the woman pertaining to a man/family named Schmidt).[21]
Another form, indicating a female bearer of a surname, was the addition of a genitive "s" (like the Saxon genitive), the daughter or wife of Mr. Bäcker (literally Baker) would appear as Ms Bäckers (in German without an apostrophe), as being Bäcker's daughter or wife.
Pseudonyms can be used by artists (Künstlername, "artist's name") and members of religious orders (Ordensname); If a pseudonym is widely known in public it can be added to the passport of that person (under the weaker legal status of Künstlername) and be used instead of the original name in most situations. The same field in the passport also serves to show religious names, i.e. the new name somebody takes on when becoming a monk or nun.[22]
The academic degree of Doktor (Dr.) and the academic title of Professor (Prof.) are not part of the name in Germany but can be entered into an identity card or passport and are frequently used in documents and addresses.
They are, however, often used in a written address (e.g., Dr. Meier, Prof. Dr. Müller), and will often be used in formal speech or sometimes by lower-ranked persons such as students, though many academics prefer being addressed just like anyone else, i.e. by Herr or Frau alone (see below).
In rural areas it is common that farmers are known by the traditional name of their Hof (farm or estate). Because of the long-standing tradition of impartible inheritance in German-speaking Europe, ownership of a Hof had often been tied to direct patrilineal descent over centuries.
Thus, farmers were traditionally known by their Hofname even before the development of the Nachname in the early modern period, and the two systems came to overlap. Many Nachnamen are in fact derived from such Hofnamen, but in some instances, the Hofname tradition survived alongside the official Nachname.
Historically, the Hofname was the first type of commoners' family name to become heritable. This process began still in the Late Middle Ages (14th to 15th century); e.g. Ulrich Zwingli (b. 1484) inherited his father's surname, in origin a Hofname (from the term Twing, denoting a type of walled-in estate) even though he did not inherit his estate.
In cases where Nachname and Hofname are not identical (usually because there was no male heir at some point in the family history) they are joined in official documents by genannt (abbr. gen.), e.g. Amann gen. Behmann[which?]. In Austria the term vulgo (abbr. vlg.) is used instead of genannt. This is called a Genanntname [de] or vulgo name.
Historically, other forms can be found as well, including Amann sonst Behmann genannt, Amann oder Behmann, an, auf, zu, alias, modo, vel, dictus, dicti, vero, qui et, or de. In some cases the form genannt changed into von over time, in other cases it was changed into a hyphenated surname (like Amann-Behmann), but these examples are not the only origins for these latter types of names.
There are only a few circumstances in which one is allowed to change one's name:
Though the Namensänderungsgesetz (Law concerning the changing of names) allows changing because of any "important reason", in practice this will very rarely be allowed.
Adding Doktor (Ph.D.) in Germany, and adding any academic degree in Austria, into one's identity card or passport is not considered a name change.
The Nachname is put after the Vorname. In the rural use of several regions where heavy dialect is spoken (i.e. Bavaria, Saxony, the Palatinate or the Saarland), the order is reversed, e.g. "der Mühlbach Klaus" instead of "Klaus Mühlbach". The definite article is always added in this style of naming. Especially in these regions, it is also the usual administrative way, but with a comma; the said person would appear in documents as "Mühlbach, Klaus" or even, with a title or profession "Mühlbach, Klaus, Dr./OLt[23]/Bäcker".
Except for Southern Germany, usage of the definite article with the name outside of dialect is uncommon, and considered a mistake in Standard German. It is considered familiar language, but not as a mark of rough, rural manners as in French. It is used especially when talking of and/or with children, but also in some other situations. E.g., Ich bin der Nils ('I am the Nils').
In Austria, the definite article is always used in informal spoken language, but most of the time not in very formal or written language.
In some dialects (such as those spoken in the Western Palatinate, the Saarland and parts of the Rhineland), the article used with women's and girls' names is not the feminine, but the neuter article. This is because[verification needed] the German word for "girl", Mädchen, is a neuter noun, due to the diminutive suffix -chen.
Pulotu is the resting place of those passed on in the Polynesian narrative of Tonga and Samoa, the world of darkness "lalo fonua" (as opposed to the human world of light).
The term is related to Fijian Burotu. It goes back to Proto-Polynesian *pulotu, from Proto-Central Pacific *burotu.
In the Tongan narrative, Pulotu is presided over by Havea Hikuleʻo. In Tongan cosmology the sky, the sea, and Pulotu existed from the beginning, and the gods lived there. The first land they made for the people was Touiaʻifutuna "trapped in Futuna", which was only a rock. There are suggestions that for Tonga and Samoa, Pulotu refers to a real country, in fact Matuku Island in the Lau Islands. The old name of Matuku Island is Burotu. However, there is no signs of underwater civilization in the Matuku waters where they said that Burotu once laid. But new evidence suggest Pulotu is situated in Moturiki belonging to Fiji’s Lomaiviti
Archipelago.
After the independence struggle by Hikuleʻo and his cousins Maui Motuʻa and Tangaloa ʻEiki, they renamed Touiaʻifutuna into Tongamamaʻo. Only after that the other islands were made (the volcanic islands by Hikuleʻo and the coral islands by Maui). Finally, Tongamamaʻo was renamed, for the last time, as Tonga.
Hikuleʻo is supposed to have married a daughter of Tangaloa ʻEiki.
In the mythology of Samoa, Pulotu is presided over by the god Saveasi'uleo (also referred to as Elo), whose name reveals a similarity to the Tongan god Havea Hikuleʻo. Saveasi'uleo is the father of Nafanua the Goddess of War in Samoa, from the village of Falealupo, the site of the entryway into Pulotu.[1]
Spirits enter Pulotu at Le Fafa[2] at Falealupo village.
Barbara-Maria "Barbi" Henneberger (4 October 1940 – 12 April 1964) was an alpine ski racer and Olympic medalist from West Germany. She competed for the United Team of Germany at the 1960 and 1964 Winter Olympics, and at the 1962 World Championships.
Born in Oberstaufen, Bavaria, Henneberger competed in the 1960 Winter Olympics at Squaw Valley at age 19. She won the bronze medal in the slalom,[1] finished eleventh in the downhill, and 15th in the giant slalom. Henneberger was third in the combined, which earned a world championship medal. Four years later in 1964 at Innsbruck, she finished fifth in the downhill, seventh in the giant slalom, and tenth in the slalom.
In North America to model clothes after the 1963 season ended in Europe, Henneberger was not planning to compete at the U.S. Alpine Championships in Alaska at Alyeska in early April. Using borrowed skis, she won the downhill and slalom and finished second in the giant slalom.[2][3][4][5]
Following the 1964 season, Henneberger and a dozen others were in Switzerland near St. Moritz in April to film the promotional movie Ski-Fascination for Willy Bogner, Jr. Caught in a spring avalanche, she died at age 23 in Val Selin along with U.S. racer Buddy Werner. Both had raced ahead of the first avalanche, but were caught by a second from an opposite slope.[6] Found hours later under 8 to 10 feet (2.4 to 3.0 m) of snow, their deaths were attributed to suffocation,[7][8][9][10] and were the only two fatalities in the group.[11] Her funeral and procession in Munich were attended by thousands.[12]
Bogner, 22, and Henneberger were to be engaged that summer;[6] he was tried by a Swiss court for homicide by negligence.[13] After Bogner was initially acquitted,[14] the prosecution pursued an appeal and won a conviction for manslaughter by negligence,[15] and Bogner received a two-month suspended sentence.[16]
From 1948 through 1980, the Winter Olympics were also the World Championships for alpine skiing.
WikiConference North America, formerly WikiConference USA, is an annual conference organized by the Wikipedia community in North America.  The first two events were held at New York Law School and Washington, D.C.'s National Archives Building in 2014 and 2015, respectively. The third conference, rebranded WikiConference North America, was held at San Diego's Central Library in 2016, with a pre-conference day at Balboa Park.
WikiConference North America 2017 was held in Montreal in 2017, as a pre-conference to Wikimania. The 2018 and 2019 events were held in Columbus, Ohio and Cambridge, Massachusetts, respectively. Following virtual conferences from 2020 to 2022 because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the conference returned to an in-person format in Toronto in 2023. The 2024 conference was held at Indiana University Indianapolis. The next conference is scheduled to be held in New York City in 2025.
The annual conference is organized by and for Wikipedia editors, enthusiasts, and volunteers.[1][2] Staff from the Wiki Education Foundation, which co-sponsored the 2015 event,[3][4] and the Wikimedia Foundation also attend each year.[5][6] The conference has been held in New York City; Washington, D.C.; San Diego; Montreal; Columbus, Ohio; Cambridge, Massachusetts; Toronto; and Indianapolis. From 2020 to 2022, events were primarily virtual because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The inaugural WikiConference USA was held during May 30 – June 1, 2014 at New York Law School's Tribeca campus in Lower Manhattan. Established as a national event for the American Wikipedia community, the conference was "devoted to topics concerning the Wikimedia movement in the United States, as well as related topics of free culture and digital rights".[7][8] It was hosted by Wikimedia Foundation affiliates for the District of Columbia and New York City, with grant funding provided by the foundation and additional support from Consumer Reports, the Institute for Information Law & Policy at New York Law School, and the City University of New York.[9][10] The program featured two days of keynotes, panels, presentations, and workshops about the state of Wikipedia, addressing issues such as diversity, gender bias, and the socialization of new editors, as well as a one-day unconference.[8][9][11] Approximately 250 people attended.[9] According to O'Dwyer's magazine, sessions about conflict-of-interest editing on Wikipedia were "front and center".[12]
The second WikiConference USA was held at the National Archives Building in Washington, D.C., during October 9–11, 2015. The conference was co-sponsored by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), which was a sponsor of Wikimania when the event was held in Washington, D.C., in 2012, and the Wiki Education Foundation; Wikimedia Foundation affiliates for the District of Columbia and New York City were also WikiConference partners.[1][3][13] Activities included panels, presentations, speeches, and workshops related to Wikipedia's community, collaborations with cultural institutions, role in education, and technology development. Attendees also had access to the National Archives Museum and the Innovation Hub, where records are digitized.[1] The conference featured presentations by Pamela Wright, NARA's chief innovation officer; Andrew Lih; John Howard, who serves as director of the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health; David Ferriero, Archivist of the United States; Alice Backer of the organization AfroCrowd, which seeks to improve coverage of Africans and African Americans in Wikipedia and other projects; and Danielle Citron, a law professor at the University of Maryland who spoke about hate crimes in cyberspace.[14][15] Diversity was a central theme throughout the conference, which inspired NARA to host a Wikimedia Diversity Conference in June 2016.[16]
The third annual event, called WikiConference North America, was held in San Diego's Central Library during October 7–10, 2016. The conference's scope was increased to include Wikimedians in Canada and Mexico, and the event featured a series of edit-a-thons.[17] Alex Madva, an assistant professor at California State Polytechnic University, Pomona and contributor to the American Philosophical Association's blog, coordinated one on October 8 to improve articles about philosophy and philosophers.[18][19] The American Chemical Society sponsored another to improve coverage of chemistry and notable chemists.[20] Mike Connolly Miskwish of the Campo Indian Reservation, who also serves as an adjunct faculty member of Native American studies at San Diego State University, facilitated an edit-a-thon in conjunction with Indigenous Peoples' Day to improve Wikipedia articles about indigenous peoples.[2][21]
Katherine Maher, executive director of the Wikimedia Foundation, facilitated a Wikimedia movement strategy session, and Kelly Doyle, who was hired by West Virginia University Libraries as the first Wikipedian in residence for focusing on gender equality, also presented at the conference.[22][23] On the day preceding the conference, a "Wiki Culture Crawl" was organized at Balboa Park, allowing editors to visit affiliated museums free of charge for the purpose of improving Wikipedia articles related to local GLAMs and other cultural institutions.[17][23] Convene, a monthly journal published by the Professional Convention Management Association, said the 2016 event was "organized just the way you might expect that contributors to the world’s largest online encyclopedia would approach the task: using the 'wiki' collaborative approach."[17] The journal's Barbara Palmer also noted that Sydney Poore, Rosie Stephenson-Goodknight, and other organizers all lived outside California. On the conference's final day, attendees created the "WikiConference North America User Group" to document best practices for organizing Wikimedia events.[17]
The 2017 event was held at Le Centre Sheraton Hotel in Montreal during August 9–10, as a pre-conference to Wikimania, the official annual conference of the Wikimedia Foundation.[24] In 2018, WikiConference North America was held in Columbus, Ohio, October 18–21, at Ohio State University's Thompson Memorial Library and other campus locations.[25] The 2019 event was held at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, mainly in the Ray and Maria Stata Center, during November 8–11.[26] WikiConference North America was virtual from 2020 to 2022 because of the pandemic. The 2020 event was held during December 11–13.[27] The 2021 event was held during October 8–10 and saw a Wiknic in New York City.[28] The 2022 event was held in November with Mapping USA in collaboration with OpenStreetMap.[29]
WikiConference North America returned to an in-person format in 2023. It was held at the Toronto Reference Library in Toronto, Ontario, from November 9–12.[30] The 2024 conference was held at Indiana University Indianapolis.[31] The theme was "Crossroads", inspired by the Indiana state motto and also alluding to the multiple meanings of the word—as the place where Wikimedians from across the continent.[32] The first day of the conference—October 4—was declared as "Wikipedia Day" in Indianapolis through a proclamation by mayor Joe Hogsett.[31] On the final day of the conference it was announced that the 2025 conference would be held in New York City, and will be themed as a "Wiki World's Fair" to celebrate the city's 400th anniversary.[33]Klęcinko [klɛnˈt͡ɕinkɔ] is a village in the administrative of Klęcino, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Główczyce, 27 km (17 mi) north-east of Słupsk, and 88 km (55 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.

This Słupsk County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.4-Nitrobiphenyl is an organic compound with the formula C6H5−C6H4NO2.  It is one of three isomers of nitrobiphenyl and probably the most widely used.  It is a precursor to the antioxidant 4-aminobiphenyl.  4-Nitrobiphenyl is readily prepared by nitration of biphenyl.[1] It can also be prepared by cross-coupling reactions.[2]
4-Nitrobiphenyl is commonly invoked as a pollutant.[3][4]Isaac Baer Levinsohn (Yiddish: יצחק בער לעווינזאהן; October 13, 1788 – February 13, 1860), also known as the Ribal (ריב״ל), was a Jewish scholar of Hebrew, a satirist, a writer and Haskalah leader. He has been called "the  Mendelssohn of Russia." In his Bet Yehudah (1837), he formulated a philosophy and described Jewish contributions to civilization in an effort to improve Jewish-Christian relations.
His father, Judah Levin, was a grandson of Jekuthiel Solomon, who settled in Kremenetz and acquired considerable wealth, and a son of Isaac, who had married the daughter of Zalman Cohen, famed for his wealth and scholarship. Levinsohn's father was a wealthy merchant and was popular among Jews and Gentiles alike. He was a master of Polish, wrote fluently in classical Hebrew (at that time a rare accomplishment), and was a thorough Talmudic scholar. At the age of three Levinsohn was sent to the ḥeder, where he soon manifested unusual aptitude for learning; and at nine he composed a Kabbalistic work that elicited the praise of scholars and rabbis.[1] At ten he was versed in Talmudic lore, and knew the Tanakh by heart. Thanks to his great mental power and industry, he rapidly familiarized himself with the rabbinical literature. At eighteen he married and settled in Radzivilov, supporting himself by teaching and translating; his married life, however, was unhappy, and he divorced his wife.
Some of Levinsohn's first literary efforts were in the domain of Hebrew poetry. Among others, he wrote a patriotic poem on the expulsion of the French from the Russian Empire, which was transmitted to the minister of the interior by General Giers, the commandant of the Radzivilov garrison. Levinsohn himself regarded his verses as mere literary exercises, and did not attempt to print them; the greater part of them was lost. Excessive study brought on nervous disorders, and Levinsohn journeyed to Brody, then the centre of the Haskalah, in order to consult the local physicians. There the future reformer of the Ukrainian Jews found a congenial atmosphere in the circle of the Maskilim. He soon made the acquaintance of Isaac Erter, the Hebrew satirist, and later of Solomon Rapoport. Though engaged as a bookkeeper in the local bank, he found time to continue his studies. Before long he passed the teacher's examinations and was appointed to teach Hebrew at the gymnasium of Tarnopol. There he soon became intimate with the scholar Joseph Perl, through whose influence he secured an instructorship at the Hebrew college of Brody.
Levinsohn's new position brought him into close relations with Nachman Krochmal of Zolkiev, an authority on all questions of rabbinical learning and Jewish custom. In 1817 he submitted to Krochmal his first critical study, entitled Ha-Mazkir, and Krochmal was so favorably impressed with the work that he offered to contribute toward the expense of publication. Unfortunately, it was never printed, and only a part of it was incorporated in Te'uddah and Bet Yehudah.
About this time he wrote a satire on the Hasidim entitled Dibre Tzaddikim. Returning to Kremenetz in the same year, he began his Te'uddah be-Yisrael, a work destined to leave an indelible impression on a whole generation of Ukrainian Jews. It was finished in 1823, but was not published until 1828. The book attempted to solve many problems of contemporary Jewish life in Ukraine. It urged the study of the Scriptures before the Talmud, and the necessity of studying secular languages, particularly that of one's country of residence. It urged also the study of science and literature, and the great importance for the Jews of engaging in agricultural and industrial work. It strongly counselled the abandoning of petty trade and of other uncertain sources of livelihood.
Levinsohn's advice did not please the Hasidim, who opposed him in many ways and so embittered his existence that he was compelled to leave Kremenetz. Repairing to Berdychev, he became a private tutor in the family of a wealthy Jew, and, gathering about him a circle of progressive friends, organized a society for the promotion of culture. Regarding it as his special mission to carry enlightenment to the young generation, he resided successively in Ostrog, Nemirov, and Tulchin. On his way to the last named place Levinsohn stopped at Kaminka, the estate of Prince Witgenstein, the field-marshal of the Russian Empire. When the prince heard of Levinsohn's arrival he invited him to his house, assigned him a suite of rooms, and kept him there through the entire summer. The field-marshal liked to pass his evenings in conversation with the learned Jew, and often followed the latter's advice.
In 1823, Levinsohn was compelled by failing health to return to Kremenetz. Soon after his arrival there he was confined to his bed by a sickness that kept him bedridden for twelve years. Notwithstanding this, he never resigned himself to mental inactivity, and during these long years of suffering he made himself familiar with Arabic, Greek, and Syriac, and studied the classics, political economy, and philosophy.
Levinsohn laboured assiduously for the well-being of his coreligionists in Ukraine. He worked out and submitted to the government various projects for the amelioration of the condition of the Jews, such as the plan he submitted to the crown prince Konstantin in 1823, his memorandum to the minister of education in 1831, his project in regard to the censorship of Jewish books in 1833, and his plan for the establishment of Jewish colonies in 1837. Nicholas I gave the last careful consideration. It is known, also, that the emperor wrote Levinsohn a personal letter in regard to this plan, but its contents are not known. The establishment of Jewish agricultural colonies in Bessarabia in 1838–39 and later and the organization of Jewish educational institutions undoubtedly owed much to Levinsohn's suggestions. The government appreciated his services, and, besides monetary rewards, offered him important positions, which he declined. The failure of his health compelled him to decline also appointment as member of the Jewish commission that sat in St. Petersburg in 1843, and in 1853 he again refused an appointment as member of the special commission on Jewish affairs. The following words were inscribed, at his own request, on his tombstone: "Out of nothing God called me to life. Alas, earthly life has passed, and I shall sleep again on the bosom of Mother Nature, as this stone testifies. I have fought the enemies of God not with the sharp sword, but with the Word. That I have fought for truth and justice before the Nations, Zerubbabel and Efes Damim bear witness."
He died in Kremenetz on February 13, 1860.
In 1827, a year before the appearance of Te'uddah, Levinsohn presented the manuscript, with an explanatory statement, to the Russian Imperial government, which accepted it with much favor, and awarded Levinsohn, on the representations of D. N. Bludov, a thousand rubles "for a work in Hebrew having for its object the moral education of the Jewish people." In the same year the minister of public instruction, Prince Lieven, submitted to Levinsohn thirty-four questions on Jewish religion and history, among them the following: "What is the Talmud?", "Who was the author of it?", "When, where, and in what language was it written?", "Have the Jews other books of such authority?", "Is there anything sensible in the Talmud? It is stated that it is full of improbable legends and fables.", "How could the authors of the Talmud permit themselves to add to, or detract from, the commandments of the Torah, which forbids that?", "What is the object of the numerous rites that consume so much useful time?", "Is it true that the Jews are the descendants of those Pharisees whom the lawgiver of the Christians had accused of lying and superstition?", "Is it true that the Talmud forbids the Jews the study of foreign languages and science, as well as the pursuit of agricultural occupations?", "What is Ḥasidism, and who was its founder?", "In what towns mainly do the Ḥasidim reside?", "Do the Jews possess schools or learned books?", "How do the Jewish masses regard their schools?", "Can the condition of the Jews be improved? and, if so, by what means?", "What Messiah is it that the Jews are expecting?", "Is it true that the Jews expect to rule the entire world when the Messiah arrives, and that members of other religions will be excluded from participation in the after-life?", and "How can a Jew be admitted into Christian society and be accorded full civic rights when he keeps himself aloof from the Christians and takes no interest in the welfare of the country where he resides?" Levinsohn referred the minister to his Te'uddah and to other works in various languages, transmitted to him concise answers to his questions, and promised to write a book in which these questions would be discussed in detail.
In 1828 Te'uddah saw the light. "It was not the yearning for fame," says Levinsohn in the preface, "that impelled me to write this book. ... Friends seeking truth and light asked me to point out to them the true way of life; they wish to know what learning, aside from the Talmud and its commentaries, it is necessary for a Jew to acquire for the perfection and refinement of his nature as a man and a Jew."
Levinsohn now undertook his larger work, Bet Yehudah, which was "to expose to Christian eyes the world of Jewish spiritual life founded on the principles of highest morality, a world then unknown to Ukrainian Christians." He wished, also, to make his work of educational value to the Jewish people, so that uninstructed coreligionists would see Judaism in its true light. At the same time he found himself obliged to exercise great care in the treatment of the subject in order to avoid creating undue antagonism. Levinsohn presents in his "Bet Yehudah" a wonderfully clear and logical exposition of Jewish religious philosophy. According to him the Jewish religion may be summed up in two principles of belief: faith in one God, which involves the negation of idol-worship; and love of one's neighbour. He shows by numerous citations that the latter means the love not only of one Jew for another, but the love for any neighbour, irrespective of faith. He presents a history of the various Jewish sects, enumerates the contributions of the Jews to learning and civilization, and at the end suggests a plan for the reorganization of Jewish education in Ukraine. He urges the necessity of founding rabbinical seminaries fashioned after the German institutions, training the Jewish youth in religious and secular learning, opening elementary Jewish schools throughout the Pale, abolishing the institution of melammedim, and establishing agricultural and industrial schools.
Bet Yehudah exerted a powerful influence on the Jews of Russian Empire and gave a plan of action to the progressive elements in Russian Empire Jewry. The book acquired renown outside of the Russian Empire also. It was translated into Polish, and the scholar Geiger read several chapters of it before an audience in the Breslau synagogue. But though Bet Yehudah was completed in 1829, it remained unpublished until 1838.
Around this time, the Jewish community of Zaslavl in Volhynia was accused of ritual murder; many families were imprisoned, and the entire community was in despair. Levinsohn's opponents then laid aside their enmity and turned to him as the only man capable of proving the falsity of the accusation. In spite of his sickness Levinsohn began his Efes Dammim, in defense of the accused Jews. But the necessary means not being forthcoming, he was obliged to spend his own money in collecting material and information. "The purpose of my book," says Levinsohn, "is to acquit the Jews before the eyes of Christians, and to save them from the false accusation of using Christian blood." Efes Dammim is written in the form of a dialogue between a patriarch of the Greek Church in Jerusalem, Simias, and the chief rabbi in the Jewish synagogue there. The book shows the remarkable dialectic talent of the author. It was completed in 1834, published in 1837, republished three times, and was translated into English at the time of the "Damascus Affair" in 1840, at the instance of Sir Moses Montefiore and Adolphe Crémieux. It was translated also into Russian (1883) and German (1884; another German edition appeared in 1892). Another polemical work, Yemin Tzidki, Levinsohn proves the absurdity of the accusations against Judaism and the Talmud. This work was left by him in manuscript.
Other polemical works written by Levinsohn are Aḥiyyah Shiloni ha-Ḥozeh (Leipzig, 1841) and Ta'ar ha-Sofer (Odessa, 1863). Aḥiyyah Shiloni ha-Ḥozeh is directed against the work of the English missionary Alexander McCaul entitled The Paths of the World (London, 1839), and constitutes an introduction to Levinsohn's larger work Zerubbabel, completed in 1853. This latter work was published, in part, by his nephew David Baer Nathansohn (Leipzig, 1863); the entire work was published later in Warsaw (1876). This work, which occupied twelve years, and was continued through sickness and suffering, was not only a defense of Judaism, but also an exposition of the value of traditional law in the Jewish religion, and of the great wisdom and moral force of its expounders and teachers. The Ta'ar ha-Sofer is directed against the Karaites.
In addition to these, Levinsohn wrote on Hebrew etymology and comparative philology. In this field he published Bet ha-Oẓar, the first and second parts of which appeared in Vilna in 1841; the first part is entitled Shorashe Lebanon, and includes studies of Hebrew roots; the second part comprises articles on various subjects, and Abne Millu'im, a supplement to Bet Yehudah. After Levinsohn's death Nathansohn published Toledot Shem (Warsaw, 1877) and Ohole Shem (Warsaw, 1893), both containing philological studies arranged in alphabetical order, and also corrections of Ben Zeb's Otzar ha-Shorashim, which was republished by Letteris. Levinsohn left a number of works in manuscript, including Pittuḥe Ḥotam, on the period of the Canticles; Yizre El, miscellaneous essays; Be'er Yitzḥak, correspondence with contemporary scholars; and Eshkol ha-Sofer, letters, poetry, and humorous papers.
Joseph Jacobs and Judah David Eisenstein have suggested that Levinsohn may have been the first Jewish figure to discuss "the modern question of vegetarianism."[2]   According to Jacobs and Eisenstein, Levinsohn justifies the strictness of the rules of ṭerefah with reference to vegetetarianism, and he attributes the longevity of the generations from Adam to Noah to their vegetarian diet. The good morals and keen intellect of the Jews, he says, are largely due to their scant eating of meat.[2][3]
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Rosenthal, Herman (1904). "Isaac Baer Levinsohn". In Singer, Isidore; et al. (eds.). The Jewish Encyclopedia. Vol. 8. New York: Funk & Wagnalls. pp. 42–45.Mayumba National Park (French: Parc national de Mayumba) is a national park in southwestern Gabon. It is a thin tongue of beach, dunes, savanna, and rain-forest in the extreme south of the country, between Mayumba and the Congo border. Mayumba National Park shelters 60 km of the most important leatherback turtle nesting beaches on Earth and is home to unique coastal vegetation and a variety of terrestrial animals, including forest elephants, buffaloes, leopards, gorillas, chimpanzees, antelopes, crocodiles, hippos, and several species of monkeys. It also stretches for 15 km out to sea, protecting important marine habitats for dolphins, sharks, and migrating humpback whales. It is Gabon's only primarily marine park.


This Gabon location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Laurel Leader-Call is a thrice-weekly newspaper published Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays in Laurel, Mississippi, United States, covering Jones County. It is owned by Gin Creek Publishing, which purchased the name and subscriber list from CNHI in April 2012. Gin Creek Publishing is owned by businessman Jim Cegielski, who is also the Leader-Call's publisher.[1]
For a century Laurel's only daily newspaper, the paper was founded as The Laurel Daily Argus August 11, 1911, by Edgar G. Harris. It later changed its name to the Laurel Daily Leader. The Laurel Morning Call and the Laurel Daily Leader combined to form an evening newspaper called The Laurel Leader-Call on February 2, 1930.[2][3]
The paper was owned by Thomson Newspapers for several years. Thomson sold it in 1993 to American Publishing Company.[4] American Publishing sold to Community Newspaper Holdings in 1999.[5]
On September 1, 2011, the paper's owner, Community Newspaper Holdings Inc., announced that the Laurel Leader-Call would begin publishing on a four-day schedule: Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Sunday.[6] The newspaper's website continued to provide news, features, sports, photos and video on a daily basis until it shut down nearly seven months later, along with the newspaper itself. CNHI folded the Leader-Call on March 29, 2012.[7]
In April 2012 the Leader-Call name and subscriber list was purchased by Gin Creek Publishing, a local business that had published the weekly The ReView of Jones County since 2007. The ReView ceased operation and the Laurel Leader-Call was reborn as a three-day-a-week publication, beginning with the April 19, 2012, edition. New publisher-editor Mark Thornton said that "People who remember when the Leader-Call was family-owned remember that it was a much better paper then. We plan to restore that proud tradition."[8]
Owner Jim Cegielski has used his platform at the Laurel Leader-Call to express both libertarian and right-wing viewpoints. In 2013, he earned praise for defending the Leader-Call's decision to feature a story and a photo of a lesbian couple's wedding in Laurel at a time when the State of Mississippi did not recognize same-sex marriages.[9] Cegielski later became a vocal Donald Trump supporter, writing in a March 2020 op-ed that "mainstream media is the real virus" in reference to critical coverage of Trump's handling of COVID-19.[10] In June 2020, Cegielski published another op-ed titled "The war against white people" which he claimed that Black Lives Matter protesters are part of "a group that is the equivalent of the KKK" and "openly hates white people."[11]
Helcogramma nigra, the Rotuma triplefin, is a species of triplefin blenny in the genus Helcogramma.[2] It was described by Jeffrey T.  Williams and Jeffrey C. Howe in 2003.[3] This species occurs in the western central Pacific Ocean where it has been recorded from Papua New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, Vanuatu and Rotuma.[1]
Andrea Tummiolo (born 20 March 1984) is an Italian former footballer who played for Igea Virtus.

This biographical article related to association football in Italy, about a midfielder born in the 1980s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Free Officers Movement (until 23 September 2011)
The Khalid ibn al-Walid Brigade (Arabic: لواء خالد بن الوليد), originally called the Khalid ibn al-Walid Battalion (Arabic: كتيبة خالد بن الوليد), was a Syrian rebel group affiliated with the Free Syrian Army which was active during the Syrian Civil War. The group was one of the first FSA-affiliated rebel groups to be formed in Syria. It operated in the Homs Governorate and participated in the Siege of Homs from 2011 to 2014, when it became defunct.[3]
The group was named after Khalid ibn al-Walid, an early Islamic figure. Most fighters from the group were religious and conservative Sunni Muslims who used religious rhetoric and Sunni Islamic discourse.[5]
The Khalid ibn al-Walid Battalion was formed as part of the Free Officers Movement by "several hundred" defected soldiers and officers from the Syrian Armed Forces in the city of al-Rastan, north of Homs in July 2011. One of its main early commanders was Abdul Rahman Sheikh Ali, a major who defected from the Syrian Army in August 2011.[1] It initially conducted insurgent attacks against Syrian government security forces in Homs and its surrounding areas, which killed a number of policemen and soldiers in the Syrian Army.[6] The Khalid ibn al-Walid Battalion was the main rebel group which fought in the Battle of Rastan from September to October 2011. During the battle, Major Abdul Rahman Sheikh Ali was killed in action.[1]
In late January 2012, the group, along with several other FSA factions, stormed the city of Rastan and took full control of it by 5 February. Rastan was then besieged by the Syrian Army and many rebels withdrew from the city by 5 March 2012.[7]
The brigade became one of the groups in the Syrian Revolutionaries Front between December 2013 and mid-2014. In July 2014, during the al-Nusra Front–SRF/Hazzm Movement conflict, the commander of the Khalid ibn al-Walid Brigade, Hassan Ashtar, announced that his group would leave the SRF to become an independent faction, and it will not fight "Islamist brigades" such as al-Qaeda's al-Nusra Front.[8] Despite this, clashes erupted between the two groups and Hassan Ashtar was beheaded by the al-Nusra Front in Rastan on 20 December 2014. Several other FSA commanders were also captured by al-Nusra, and Nusra took full control of Rastan.[3]
Rebels from the group reportedly kidnapped and threatened to kill more than 100 Alawite civilians in August 2011. They also shot and killed a 15-year-old child of an alleged spy for the Syrian government in September 2011.[6]
In December 2012, a child soldier in the group beheaded two prisoners of war. The group claims to have executed 80 other POWs.[9]Guantian station (Chinese: 官田站; pinyin: Guāntián Zhàn), is a station on Line 6 of the Shenzhen Metro. It opened on 18 August 2020.[1]
This article about a railway station in Guangdong is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jangaon (Janagama) is a city and the district headquarters of Jangaon district in the Indian state of Telangana.[2] It is also the mandal and divisional headquarters of Jangaon Mandal and Jangaon revenue division respectively.[3] It is about 85 kilometres (53 miles) from the state capital Hyderabad.[4] It lies on the National Highway 163.[5]
Jangaon is located on the eastern Deccan plateau and has an average elevation of 382 metres (1,253 ft).[6]
The name Jangaon evolved from "jain gaon", which means "village of Jains", a religion of India.[7] Kolanpak (kulpak) in the Nalgonda district, which is about 20 kilometres (12 miles) from Jangaon, is a famous pilgrimage centre for Jain people and it has much historical background.[8]
Jain Thirthankara sculptures that were found in the excavations near the town revealed the existence of Jainism in the Megalithic age.[9]
Jangaon was the second capital region of the Kalyani Chalukyas in the 11th century. One of the most acclaimed Telugu poets of all time Bammera Pothana was born in the village of Bammera in Jangoan in 1450 AD. After the demise of the Nayaks 50-years rule, this region came under the Kakatiya dynasty from 1195 to 1323, before being annexed to the Delhi Sultanate under Tughlaq rule. The region was part of the Bahmani Sultanate and then the Sultanate of Golconda Qutb Shahi dynasty in 1512. The Mughal emperor Aurangzeb conquered Golconda in 1687 and it remained part of the Mughal empire. Qamar-ud-din Khan Asaf Jah I declared sovereignty in 1724 and established the Asaf Jahi Dynasty.
In 1854 the Jangaon area was under the administrative region of Bhonagheer Circars.[10] Jangaon is mentioned as Zungaon in an 1854 map. In 1866 new districts were created; all Circars were delimited and merged. Bhonagheer, Davercondah and Nelgoondah Circars merged to form Nalgonda District but the Jangaon area was transferred from Bhongir Circar to Warangal District in 1866, Cherial was renamed Taluka by adding some parts of Wardannapet region, with its headquarters at Jangaon.[11]
In 1905 the  Princely state of Hyderabad was sub-divided into four divisions; Aurangabad Division, Gulbarga Division, Gulshanabad Division and Warangal Division.[12][11] Districts were delimited in 1905; Jangaon (Cherial), Taluka and Kodar (Kodad). Taluka was transferred to Nalgonda District from Warangal district.  Hyderabad State was annexed to the Dominion of India by operation polo in 1948, and became an Indian state. In 1948 Jangaon taluka was part of Nalgonda district in Gulshanabad Division of Hyderabad State.
In 1953, there was a shuffling of areas, shifting some villages from one taluka to the other. Subsequently, when Warangal district was divided to facilitate administrative control and on 1 October 1953, Khammam district was formed.[12] Khammam, Yellandu, Madhira, Burugunpahad and Palavancha talukas have been made part of it. Warangal, Mulugu, Mahabubabad, Pakala (Narsampet) remained in Warangal district. But again Parkaala from Karimnagar district and Jangaon taluka from Nalgonda district have become part of Warangal district living back Nalgonda, Miryalguda, Deverkonda, Bhongir, Ramannapet, Suryapet, and Huzurnagar to Nalgonda district. After these changes in 1953, few villages of Jangaon taluka went to Medak district and some remained in Nalgonda district.
During the reign of Marri Chenna Reddy in 1979, Jangaon taluka was split into Cherial, Kodakandla and Jangaon talukas, at that time Jangaon taluk consist of 7 Circles namely Jangaon, Cherial, Rebarthi, Narmetta, Ippaguda, Chennur and Kodakondla Cirles. In 1985, when N. T. Rama Rao introduced the mandal system, Jangaon taluka was further divided in to Jangaon Mandal, Raghunathpalle, Lingalaghanpur and Devaruppula mandals.[13]
On 11 October 2016  Jangaon was made the district headquarters, along with 21 newly formed districts in Telangana. Warangal district was divided into five district: Warangal Urban district (now Hanamkonda district), Warangal Rural district (now Warangal district), Jangaon district, Jayashankar district and Mahabubabad district. Jangaon district was formed mostly from the old Jangaon Revenue division, with the exception of Maddur, Cherial and Komuravelli mandals, which were transferred to newly formed Siddipet district, Ghanpur and Zaffergadh from Warangal  Revenue division and Gundala of Nalgonda district were merged with Jangaon district.[14]
The 1951 Hydearabad State Census report shows Jangaon taluka was the most populated taluka of Nalgonda district with a total population of 2,91,165 with an area of 1,403.9 square kilometres (542.0 sq mi) with more than 200 inhabited towns and villages. Aler, Cheriyal, and Kolanpak were under Jangaon taluka before they were transferred to other districts.
As of 2011[update], the census of India, the city had a population of 52,394 with 12,276 households. The total population consists of 26,764 males and 25,630 females—a sex ratio of 958 females per 1,000 males. 5,123 children are in the age group of 0–6 years, of which 7,347 are boys and 6,993 are girls—a ratio of 952 per 1,000. The average literacy rate was 82.39% with 38,948 literates.[1]
86.08% of the population were Hindu and (11.55%) were Muslim. Other religious minorities included  Christians (1.83%), Sikhs (0.23%), Buddhists (0.02%) and those of no stated religion (0.27%).[15]
Speaker based on Mother Tongue in Jangaon Town are 86% Telugu, 11.5 Urdu, 0.3 Marathi, 0.2 Punjabi, 0.4 other Languages.[16]
Jangaon experiences a tropical climate. According to the Geological survey, the area is drought-prone and experiences very hot summers, moderate winters and less than the average precipitation.[18]
The climate in Jangaon is referred to as a local steppe climate.[18]
There is little annual rainfall; the climate here is classified as BSh by the Köppen-Geiger system. The average annual temperature is 27.3 °C (81.1 °F). The average annual rainfall is 788 millimetres (31.0 in).
The least amount of rainfall occurs in January; the average in this month is 1 millimetre (0.039 in). July is the wettest month with an average of 183 millimetres (7.2 in).
The temperatures are highest on average in May at around 33.9 °C (93.0 °F).[18]
In December, the average temperature is 22.0 °C (71.6 °F); the lowest monthly average temperature of the year. The variation in precipitation between the driest and wettest months is 182 millimetres (7.2 in). The average temperatures vary during the year by 11.9 °C (53.4 °F).[18]
Jangaon Municipality is the civic body that oversees the civic needs of the town. It was constituted in 1953 as a third grade municipality. It was upgraded to second grade in the year 2010 with 28 municipal wards. The jurisdiction of the civic body is spread over 17.49 km2 (6.75 sq mi).[4][19]
The West Zone Deputy Commissioner of Police Warangal is responsible for maintaining law and order in the town and district areas. Jangaon has Senior Civil Judge's Court, and Prl. Junior Civil Judge's Court for maintaining law and order.[citation needed]
The 100-bed Government Area Hospital Jangaon is the largest hospital in the town.[20] A new Medical college was sanctioned to the Jangaon District and will be upgrading the existing hospital in the district by the state government and admissions will be started from 2023.[21][22]
Kolanupaka temple, a religious destination for the Jains.[9]
The Champak Hills are located 6 km (3.7 mi) away from the town.[23]
Jeedikalllu Sri Ramachandra Swamy Devasthanam is a temple that predates Bhadrachalam temple.[24] Jeedikalllu village is located about 15 km southerly to the district centre, Jangaon.[25]
West (NH163)
South (NH365B)
East (NH163)
North (NH365B)
The TSRTC has a bus depot in the town and provides public transport.[26]
Jangaon has road and rail connectivity.[27]  The town has a total road length of 124.75 km (77.52 mi), of which 73.50 km (45.67 mi) is cement or concrete roads, 15.25 km (9.48 mi) is bitumen roads and 36.00 km (22.37 mi) is water-bound macadam road.[28] National Highway 163, connecting Hyderabad and Bhopalpatnam Road, passes through the town.[29] A new national highway NH 365B connects Jangaon with different district headquarters of the state Suryapet-Jangaon-Siddipet-Siricilla.[30]
Jangaon railway station provides rail connectivity to the town and is under the jurisdiction of the Secunderabad railway division of South Central Railway zone.[31] It was constructed by Nizam's Guaranteed State Railway in 1879. This railway line connects Hyderabad with Warangal, and was later extended to Bezawada.[32] Falaknuma–Jangaon MEMU is a suburban train that connects the town with the state capital.[33]
The town has 38,948 literates; 21,722 males, 17,226 females and a literacy rate of 82.39%.[1] The primary and secondary school education is run by government and private schools under the School Education Department of the state, assisted by State Institute of Educational Technology.[34] The municipal limits of the town has a total of 14 government and 38 private schools.[28]
The Higher Education Department of the state oversees the undergraduate and postgraduate education.[35] The town has four government and fifteen private run colleges.[28] This includes TSSW Boys Residential Junior College, a social welfare college; 5 private unaided colleges and a co-operative junior college.[36] There exists one residential college under TSRJC, ten privately aided colleges, and two co-operative colleges.[36] A.B.V.Government Degree College is an autonomous college that is affiliated with Kakatiya University and approved under the Universities Grant Commission scheme.[37]
A government medical college was established in the town in 2023.[38]
The Phalanx; or Journal of Social Science was a Fourierist journal published in New York City, edited by Albert Brisbane and Osborne Macdaniel from 1843 to 1845.
The Phalanx was eventually moved, along with another publication called The Social Reformer to Brook Farm in West Roxbury, Massachusetts.[1] They became one journal called The Harbinger; its first issue was published on June 14, 1845.[2] Its first issue under this title announced its mission:
The interests of Social Reform will be paramount to all others in whatever is admitted into the pages of the Harbinger. We shall suffer no attachment to literature, no taste for abstract discussion, no love of purely intellectual theories, to seduce us from our devotion to the cause of the oppressed, the down trodden, the insulted and injured masses of our fellow men. Every pulsation of our being vibrates in sympathy with the wrongs of the toiling millions; and every wise effort for their speedy enfranchisement will find in us resolute and indomitable advocates.[3]
After Brook Farm's dissolution, the publication was eventually moved to New York City under the editorial control of George Ripley and Charles Anderson Dana where it continued weekly until October 1847.[2] In addition to Ripley and Dana, early contributors to The Harbinger included Parke Godwin, James Russell Lowell, William Wetmore Story, John Greenleaf Whittier, and Nathaniel Parker Willis.[4] Edgar Allan Poe, who strongly distrusted the Utopian movements, referred to The Harbinger as "the most reputable organ of the Crazyites".[5]

This article about a journal on politics or political science is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See tips for writing articles about academic journals. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
This article about a history of science journal is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See tips for writing articles about academic journals. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Dr Charles Butler Grace (26 March 1882 – 6 June 1938) was an English first-class cricketer who was the third-born son of W. G. Grace. He was named after Charles Butler, a Tasmanian cricketer with whom W. G. Grace had stayed in 1873-74 and who became a friend.[1]
He attended Clifton College,[2] playing for the school's first eleven cricket team in 1898–99.[3] He played four first-class matches for London County in 1900 and W. G. Grace's XI in 1906. Grace was an exponent of lob bowling, and continued this practice well after it had become uncommon in first-class matches.[4] His matches for London County were played alongside his father and brother, W. G. Grace junior. He also participated in his father's last cricket match, for Eltham against Grove Park in July 1914, scoring four runs opening the batting.[5] He died in Sussex in 1938.
Jose Joseph Dedeurwaerder (born December 31, 1932) is a Belgian business executive who served as chief executive officer of American Motors Corporation and Interbrew.
Dedeurwaerder was born in Brussels on December 31, 1932, to Louis and Philippine (Paternot) Dedeurwaerder. On May 15, 1954, he married Nelly Antoinette Clemens. They have one daughter.[2]
Dedeurwaerder joined Renault in 1958 as manufacturing director at the Vilvoorde Renault Factory. From 1967 to 1973, he was the industrial director for Renault Argentina. He then spent the next three years as the chief executive officer of Renault México. In 1976, he became the director of stamping and assembly at the Douai Renault Factory.[3]
On December 16, 1980, Renault became the principal owner of American Motors.[4] The following September, Dedeurwaerder joined AMC as executive vice president for manufacturing.[3] In 1982, Gerald C. Meyers stepped down as chairman and CEO of American Motors. Meyers was replaced by president W. Paul Tippett Jr., who in turn was succeeded by Dedeurwaerder.[5] On September 28, 1984, Dedeurwaerder was promoted to CEO, with Tippett remaining on as chairman.[6] On February 25, 1985, AMC announced its first full-year profit since 1979.[7] The success was short-lived as on July 31, 1985, AMC announced that it has received a $50 million loan from Renault following a second-quarter loss of $70.4 million.[8] In January 1986, Dedeurwaerder was named Renault's executive vice president of worldwide sales and marketing.[9] He remained president and CEO, and chairman of the executive committee at AMC until March 23, 1986, when he was succeeded in the former two roles by Joseph E. Cappy.[10] On November 17, 1986, Renault chairman Georges Besse was assassinated by a member of a French far-left extremist group, Action Directe.[11] Dedeurwaerder was mentioned as a possible successor, but the company instead went with Raymond Levy, who wanted to divest Renault of its investment in American Motors.[11][12][13] On March 9, 1987, Chrysler purchased Renault's share in American Motors, plus all the remaining shares, for about $1.5 billion ($4,151,581,722 in 2024 dollars[14]).[13]
Dedeurwaerder left Renault in January 1988.[15] That September, he joined the of executive committee Interbrew, a new brewing company formed by the merger of Brouwerij Artois and Piedboeuf Brewery, with the plan that he would succeed chief executive officer Andre de Spoelberch by the end of the year.[16] During his tenure with Interbrew, Dedeurwaerder clashed with the families who owned the company over international expansion. Dedeurwaerder wanted to make acquisitions that would turn the company into a global player like Heineken N.V. or Guinness Brewery. In contrast, the board of directors wanted to focus on Interbrew's existing markets. Dedeurwaerder left Interbrew in February 1993.[17]
After leaving Interbrew, Dedeurwaerder moved to a 130-acre horse ranch in Montgomery, Texas.[17] From 1993 to 1995, he was the president of Modern Engineering – an automotive engineering firm owned by CDI Corporation.[18][19]Hiroji Kataoka (片岡弘次, born 1941) is a Japanese professor of Urdu at Daito Bunka University, where he also serves as dean of the Faculty of International Relations and director of the Institute of Contemporary Asian Studies.[1][2]
Kataoka was born in Saitama Prefecture.[3] He entered the Tokyo University of Foreign Studies' Urdu department in 1964.[1] He describes himself as being an initially unmotivated student, even once failing a class in his second semester. However, he was inspired to work harder after his professor, Takeshi Suzuki, assigned Krishan Chander's short story Sufaid Phool as class reading. The story describes a young mute boy who had fallen in love with a girl but had no way to express his feelings to her except through glances and gestures, which echoed a situation Kataoka was facing in his personal life with a girl he liked but to whom he was too afraid to speak. In the early 1970s, he attended a two-year course in Urdu at the University of Karachi. He joined the faculty of Osaka University in 1974, and moved to Daito Bunka University in 1986.[3]
In 2009, the Pakistani government announced that it would confer the civil decoration Sitara-i-Imtiaz upon Kataoka for his contributions in the field of education.[4]
Kataoka has published over 60 research papers on Urdu literature and language as well as the culture of Pakistan, in addition to his work in translating South Asian poetry and literature into Japanese.[3] Among the works he has translated are:The Samsung Digimax A6 is a digital camera that was produced by Samsung Techwin. It features a 6-megapixel CCD, 12x zoom (3x optical and 4x digital), 4 cm macro, voice recording and 30 frame/s MJPEG video recording. It was succeeded by the Samsung Digimax A7.31°53′30.58″N 85°8′35.75″W﻿ / ﻿31.8918278°N 85.1432639°W﻿ / 31.8918278; -85.1432639
First Baptist Church of Eufaula is located in Eufaula, Alabama, U.S. The building is located at 125 South Randolph Street.
Irwinton Baptist Church was constituted on June 24, 1837. The name of the town changed to Eufaula in 1843 and consequently the name of the church became Eufaula Baptist Church. The church assumed its third name in 1869 when it was changed to First Baptist Church of Eufaula. The church met temporarily in the male academy at the NW corner of Union and Livingston Streets. In 1841 a new church building was erected at the NW corner of Union and Forsyth Streets. The second church was built at this location and was dedicated on Nov. 5, 1871. The building was destroyed by fire caused by lightning on Aug. 12, 1907 and rebuilt using the same exterior walls without the steeple.
Erected by the Historic Chattahoochee Commission and the First Baptist Church of Eufaula, January 1, 2001."If I Was You (OMG)" is a song by Asian-American hip hop group Far East Movement. The song features rapper Snoop Dogg and was produced by the Stereotypes and The Smeezingtons. The original recording appears on the album Free Wired with a total run time of 3:25. It peaked at number 18 on the New Zealand Singles Chart. An official remix was made by Far East Movement and Snoop Dogg called "On Campus Remix".
The music video for the song premiered on Vevo and YouTube on March 16, 2011.[1]
You can also see Natalia Kills, and Dominican model Rosa Acosta as Snoop Dogg's love interest.

This 2010s hip-hop song–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Planetary management is intentional global-scale management of Earth's biological, chemical and physical processes and cycles (water, carbon, nitrogen, sulfur, phosphorus, and others). Planetary management also includes managing humanity’s influence on planetary-scale processes.[1]  Effective planetary management aims to prevent destabilisation of Earth's climate, protect biodiversity and maintain or improve human well-being. More specifically, it aims to benefit society and the global economy, and safeguard the ecosystem services upon which humanity depends – global climate, freshwater supply, food, energy, clean air, fertile soil, pollinators, and so on.
Because of the sheer complexity and enormous scope of the task, it remains to be seen whether planetary management is a feasible paradigm for maintaining global sustainability.  The concept currently has defenders and critics on both sides: environmentalist David W. Orr questions whether such a task can be accomplished with human help and technology or without first examining the underlying human causes,[2] while geographer Vaclav Smil acknowledges that "the idea of planetary management may seem preposterous to many, but at this time in history there is no rational alternative".[3]
The term has been around in science fiction novels since the 1970s.[citation needed] In 2004, the International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme published “Global Change and the Earth System, a planet under pressure.”[6] The publication’s executive summary concluded: “An overall, comprehensive, internally consistent strategy for stewardship of the Earth system is required”. It stated that a research goal is to define and maintain a stable equilibrium in the global environment. In 2009, the planetary boundaries concept was published in the science journal Nature. The paper identifies nine boundaries in the Earth system. Remaining within these nine boundaries, the authors suggest, may safeguard the current equilibrium.
In 2007, France called for UNEP to be replaced by a new and more powerful organization, the United Nations Environment Organization. The rationale was that UNEP’s status as a programme, rather than an organization in the tradition of the World Health Organization or the World Meteorological Organization, weakened it to the extent that it was no longer fit for purpose given current knowledge of the state of Earth. The call was backed by 46 countries. Notably, the top five emitters of greenhouse gases failed to support the call.[7]
Planetary Ecosystems Accounting models supports that quantifying both emissions sequestration potential as well as emissions productions can provide a better overview on how to render better informed decisions regarding natural ecosystems.[8]
Together with planetary management, stewardship and environmental wisdom are different ways to manage the Earth[9] or "environmental worldviews".
In particular:
Hateful Run is a stream in Pocahontas County, West Virginia, in the United States.[1]
The stream most likely was named by a local surveyor.[2] Hateful Run has been noted for its unusual place name.[3]
38°21′04″N 80°15′28″W﻿ / ﻿38.35111°N 80.25778°W﻿ / 38.35111; -80.25778

This article related to a river in West Virginia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Elfwood was a web-based alternative art gallery and online community devoted to original science fiction and fantasy art and writing.[1][2] It was started 1 May 1996 by  Thomas Abrahamsson[3] and claimed to be the largest science fiction and fantasy art site in the world.[4] It was most popular in the Americas and Europe. Gradually overwhelmed by its competitor DeviantArt, Elfwood was eventually shut down in 2016.
Elfwood was founded on May 1, 1996, by Thomas Abrahamsson, heavily inspired by Massimilianno Bertuzzi and Robert Orta, under the name of the "Lothlorien" project, and was aimed at amateur high-fantasy artists.[3] The site was hosted as a non-profit maintained by the academic computer club Lysator of Linköping University in Sweden, and run on the Roxen Software.[5]  At the time, its gallery consisted of three artists (including Abrahamsson), and all submissions and updates to the site were managed directly by Abrahamsson, with the individual users e-mailing Abrahamsson with their requested submissions or changes.
Abrahamsson stated his original intentions with the website could be described as the following:
"There are three major ideas behind this site: Showing pieces of art from the wonderful world of fantasy to the general public, letting all amateur fantasy artists show their work for free, helping them to get a name and reputation, and helping other artists with inspiration by giving a chance to look at fellow artists' art."
As the Lothlorien membership and gallery expanded, Abrahamsson developed the site's extranet in August 1997,[3] allowing Elfwood members to manage their own individual art galleries and account information directly, without requiring webmaster assistance.
After a while, "Zone 47" was created for science fiction and modern fantasy art, and two years later the "Wyvern's Library" was created for written science fiction and fantasy submissions. This expanded to include how-to guides and full range motifs. A few months later, FARP (Fantasy Art Resource Project) was created and their email list, WoodChat was designed.
In April 2000 the ERB (Elfwood Review Board) was founded. It was responsible for maintaining the rules on Elfwood.
Originally, Elfwood was moderated by a small group of five, which included Thomas F. Abrahmsson as the founder, Mirar, as a software maintenance technician, Henrik 'Hedda' Wallin as the systems engineer, Eliza M. Leahy as a recruitment co-ordinator for West Coast America, and Peter 'ZinO' Bortas as an applications administrator and moderator, along with the Elfwood Review Board.
By Early 2003, their team had grown, adding in Eline 'Ellende' Spek, who became a moderation training assistant and media manager, as well as a core group of volunteer moderators.
In June 2001, Elfwood was closed due to death threats after a man with the alias "Assassin" threatened to throw gasoline on the ERB crew and burn them alive. The site reopened a month later.[3] In July the FanQuarter area was opened. At the end of 2001 changes to Elfwood were put on hold so a more manageable system could be created. Elfwood was reopened in February 2002 with a new moderating system.[3]
In January 2004 the sections known as Zone 47 and Lothlorien merged to create the current SF&F Art area. Along with the change came a new layout for the whole site, as well as revisions to the rules. In November of that year, Elfwood artist Paul Cameron Bennett was charged in League City, Texas for kidnapping a 14-year-old girl, Margaret “Katy” Catherine Wilkerson, whom he met through a chat-room linked through Elfwood.[6]
Elfwood had a major crash, dubbed "the infamous April Fool's Day Elfwood crash,"[7] on the first of April in 2005. All data was lost and the last backup was from February. The site came back with a timewarp to February and the rules were again revised and rewritten. Archived copies of the Elfwood statistics counter from the Wayback Machine show 8000 fewer images and 200 fewer stories between the 1st and 10 April 2005.[8][9]
After 11 years as an amateur website, Elfwood was transformed into a commercial community in September 2007,[10] adding new features for creating user profiles also for visiting users, tagging of favorite members and works and much more. Founder Thomas Abrahamsson said, "Cost for hosting and servers had become too high to handle as a hobby project."[10] With this came the move of the servers from Linköping University. Before the move, Abrahamsson was frequently physically unable to access the servers to maintain the site due to their former location at the university grounds, which were locked down during the holidays.[3]
In May 2009, Elfwood launched a completely revised set of simplified rules, accepting a much wider range of works and even out-of-genre items under a special 'Other Works' tab. The Extranet was taken down its functions fully transferred to the main site, replaced by a more user friendly upload interface and simpler moderation process.
Later on Elfwood's first Art Collaboration Club was born called "Bitfrost Fantasy", founded by Paula Fletcher. The name Bifrost was taken from Norse Mythology, being the sparkling rainbow bridge that connects Aesgard (land of the gods) and Midgard (land of mortals). Bifrost's goal was to "build a bridge" between fantasy artists and writers, from all over the world, in a creative and friendly atmosphere.
Each piece was reviewed by moderators before being displayed in a gallery, and profanity and provocative language were not allowed.[11] As of August 31, 2005 the rules were simplified, and in May 2009 they were further streamlined allowing also Non-Genre contents under a new "Other Works" tab.[12] Members had to be 13 years or older to join with a real name.
Elfwood had three main display areas for creative work:
As of August 16, 2010, there were 941 separate galleries in SciFi & Fantasy Art[13] and 148 galleries in FanQuarter.[14]
The Elfwood ezine Woodworks[15] was started in January 2002 by Georgette Tan, which featured articles, reviews, artwork and tutorials by Elfwood members. Tan later retired as Editor and Megan Larson took the position, leading Woodworks to its final issue in December 2004. It is now hosted in an inactive state at the main Elfwood site after the domain was finally shut down in late 2006.
In 2003, Elfwood had 6700 artists and 1300 writers. It logged 14500 sessions per day, each averaging 35 minutes in length. Sixty percent of the users were in the USA and most of the rest in Canada and Europe.[16]
Elfwood had been praised as an outlet for alternative beliefs.[2] The community had been described as a "very interactive place where people are very supportive," in a quote from the San Jose Mercury News.[19]
The FARP section of the site had been frequently recommended as a free resource for tutorials in a wide variety of creative topics.[20][21][22][23] For example, TeachEngineering.org cited two of FARP's tutorials as "excellent guides" for figure drawing and writing about action, Figure Drawing: Basic Pose and Construction by William Li and Writing Action by S. B. "Kinko" Hulsey.[24]
The women's freestyle 59 kilograms is a competition featured at the 2021 U23 World Wrestling Championships, and was held in Belgrade, Serbia  on 3 and 4 November.[1]
Brand Babu  is a 2018 Indian Telugu language film directed by Prabhakar Podakandla. It stars Sumanth Shailendra and Eesha Rebba.[1]
The Times of India gave 3 out of 5 stars, praised the climax of the film, and concluded, "Audiences need to watch the movie to know how the twisted love story ends and whether the brand obsessed father- son accept Radha for who she is".[2] Indiaglitz gave 2.25 stars, stating, "An attempt to narrate a rich boy-meets-poor girl story goes haywire, thanks to a lame comedy of errors and a bloodless class war, Maruthi-style."[3]
The canton of L'Aigle is an administrative division of the Orne department, northwestern France. It was created at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in L'Aigle.[2]
Rossignol
(1776-1849)
(deceased)
(1811-1873)
(deceased)
(deceased)
(1880-?)
UNR
The canton of L'Aigle is composed of seven communes in their entirety.[2]
(km2)
(last legal population)
(per km2)
48°46′N 0°38′E﻿ / ﻿48.76°N 0.63°E﻿ / 48.76; 0.63
This Orne geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"50% Off" is the second episode of the fifth season of the AMC television series Better Call Saul, a spin-off series of Breaking Bad. The episode aired on February 24, 2020, on AMC, in the United States. Outside of the United States, the episode premiered on the streaming service Netflix in several countries.
Victor and Tyrus Kitt bring Nacho Varga to Gus Fring. Threatening harm to Nacho's father, Gus demands that Nacho gain Lalo Salamanca's trust and obtain information on the Salamancas' activities. Lalo tells Hector he does not trust Gus; Hector confirms the cartel tolerates Gus only because he earns well.
Sticky and Ron, two drug users who received Jimmy McGill's 50 percent off business card,[a] go on a multi-day binge. They purchase numerous bags of cocaine from the Salamanca stash house but the bags get stuck in the drainpipe. The police arrive just before Domingo Molina dislodges the drugs. He is arrested and the police prepare to raid the house. Nacho climbs over rooftops to sneak into the house and retrieve the drug stash before police enter. Lalo is impressed but worries Domingo may talk in jail. Still upset over Werner Ziegler's death, Mike Ehrmantraut has regularly been drinking to excess. While babysitting Kaylee Ehrmantraut, he lashes out at her when she asks for details about her father.
Kim Wexler is still apprehensive about Jimmy practicing law as Saul Goodman. Jimmy and Kim attend an open house together at Jimmy's insistence. Kim again thanks Jimmy for his effort to help her client accept the plea bargain,[a] but says she does not want to succeed by lying.
Jimmy turns on the Saul Goodman persona at the courthouse and avoids trials while obtaining favorable plea bargains for his clients, generating fees by producing a high case turnover. Assistant District Attorney Suzanne Ericsen, suspicious of Jimmy since Huell Babineaux's arrest,[b] insists on formally resolving their pending cases during an already-scheduled appointment. Howard invites Jimmy to lunch, and Jimmy is unsettled by the reminder of his past. Jimmy later pays a custodian, the brother of one of his clients, to disable the courthouse elevator while he is inside with Ericsen, enabling him to informally work out several favorable deals. Nacho drives up after Jimmy leaves the courthouse and coerces Jimmy into his car.
The episode ties in two Easter eggs to Breaking Bad as the Better Call Saul narrative draws closer to that point, according to showrunner Peter Gould and writer Alison Tatlock. One is the origin of Domingo's "Krazy-8" nickname (ocho loco), which is revealed to have been given to him by Lalo during a poker game after Domingo fell for Lalo's bluff and folded on what would have been a winning set of 8s. The second is the introduction of Saul's Bluetooth headset, which he was seen wearing frequently during Breaking Bad.[1]
"50% Off" received critical acclaim. On Rotten Tomatoes, it garnered a perfect 100% rating with an average score of 8.14/10 based on 15 reviews. The site's critical consensus is, "'50% Off' is no bargain chapter, settling the season into Better Call Saul's familiar pace while taking big strides in coalescing the series' parallel worlds."[2]
"50% Off" was watched by 1.06 million viewers on its first broadcast,[3] down from 1.60 million from the season premiere the previous night,[4] making it the least viewed episode of the series.
D.C. United is an American professional soccer club based in Washington, D.C. that competes in Major League Soccer (MLS), the top tier professional soccer league in the United States and Canada. It is one of the ten charter clubs of MLS, having competed in the league since its inception, in 1996. Over the club's history, D.C. United has been considered to be the flagship franchise of MLS winning 13 international and domestic titles. Domestically, United has won the U.S. Open Cup thrice, and holds an MLS record for most MLS Cup and MLS Supporters' Shields apiece, winning each honor four times.[1] United was also the first club to win both the Supporters' Shield and MLS Cup consecutively.[2]
On the international stage, D.C. United has competed in both the CONCACAF Champions League and its predecessor the CONCACAF Champions' Cup. The club is also the only American soccer club to ever compete in a CONMEBOL competition, participating in the 2005 and 2007 editions of the Copa Sudamericana. In 1998, the club won the CONCACAF Champions' Cup.[3][4] Subsequently, United won the now-defunct Copa Interamericana, a competition between the CONCACAF on CONMEBOL champion that year to determine the best soccer club in the Americas. In the 1998, and final edition of the Copa Interamericana, D.C. United defeated Vasco da Gama of Brazil to take the title.[5]


Pavel Mikhailovich Kushnir (19 September 1984 – 27 July 2024) was a Russian pianist, writer, and political activist, who became the first political prisoner in modern Russia to die during a hunger strike. Born into a musical family in Tambov, Kushnir displayed exceptional talent as a pianist from an early age, performing at 17 the complete cycle of 24 Preludes and Fugues by Shostakovich. After graduating from the Moscow Conservatory in 2007, he worked as a pianist and accompanist in various Russian cities, eventually becoming a soloist with the Birobidzhan Regional Philharmonia [ru] in 2023.
Kushnir engaged in civil activism, participating in protests against the annexation of Crimea and the war in Ukraine, and had a small YouTube channel where he criticized the Russian government. He was arrested in 2024 for his videos and accused of making public calls for terrorist activity. Kushnir died on 27 July 2024, in a detention center in Birobidzhan during a dry hunger strike. His death sparked interest in his performances and books.
Pavel Kushnir was born in Tambov on 19 September 1984,[1] in a Jewish family.[2] His father, Mikhail Borisovich Kushnir (1945–2020), was a musician and a teacher at a children's music school, who developed his own method of teaching music to children, widely used in music schools in Russia.[1] His mother, Irina Mikhailovna Levina (born 1944), was a music teacher. His paternal grandfather was a singing teacher and a choral conductor,[3] his grandmother was an accompanist. Pavel started to play piano at two, and then studied at a music school in Tambov. At the age of 17, Kushnir performed the complete cycle of 24 Preludes and Fugues by Dmitry Shostakovich.[4]
True art can take place in a dorm room. At five in the morning, in the presence of two homeless guys and a room full of drunk bodies, you can brilliantly play Debussy's prelude on a keyboard doused in alcohol and set on fire, and see tears streaming from the eyes of the homeless.
In 2002, he graduated from the Tambov Rakhmaninov State Musical-Pedagogical Institute [ru] and entered the Moscow Conservatory, studying under the People's Artist of the USSR, Victor Merzhanov. He graduated from the conservatory in 2007.[5][6]
Kushnir wanted to continue his studies in the conservatory, but refused to play a piece from a Schumann Phantasy during the entrance exam, because "it would ruin his interpretation of the performance". He moved to Yekaterinburg and enrolled to the aspiranture of the Urals Mussorgsky State Conservatoire. According to a friend, he was on a "different level", and had conflicts with some people on the faculty. After two years of studies, he was falsely accused of theft, and left the Conservatoire.[1]
Kushnir worked as an accompanist at Tambov State Music and Pedagogical Institute [ru]. After graduating from the conservatory, he moved to Yekaterinburg for two years, then worked for seven years in Kursk and three years in Kurgan.[4] In 2023, he became a soloist with the Birobidzhan Regional Philharmonia [ru] by invitation from the philharmonia director.[6]
Kushnir made very few recordings. He recorded the cycle of 24 preludes by Sergei Rachmaninoff. Musicologist Mikhail Kazinik praised this performance, noting that "he demonstrated the development of Rachmaninoff's ideas, and he purified it from all overlays, from any pop stylings — he made it crystal clear".[7][3] For the Bira [ru] radio station, Kushnir recorded a cycle "Mazurkas on Wednesdays", for which he performed and analyzed 51 out of 58 Chopin's Mazurkas.[1]
While studying at the conservatory, Kushnir "cultivated the image of a dissident"; his friend described him as wearing "a shabby beige overcoat with a bulging pocket. Under the coat he was always dressed in black, and a half-liter bottle of vodka often stuck out of his pocket." He had a nickname, "Hasid".[2]
Pavel Kushnir was involved in civil activism. In 2010, together with a friend he "protested against the heat, walking around the city in winter clothes in 40-degree heat". For a poetic event, he wrote poems in the constructed language Naʼvi from the movie Avatar. He participated in the protests at Bolotnaya Square in 2011–2013, pickets against the war in Donbass and the annexation of Crimea in 2014, and distributed anti-war leaflets in Kursk and Birobidzhan, after the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine began. In 2022 and 2023, he held anti-war hunger strikes, firstly one for twenty days, and then for a hundred.[3]
Kushnir had a YouTube channel, named "Foreign agent Mulder", with only five subscribers and four videos. The channel was named after the FBI agent Fox Mulder, from Kushnir's favourite TV series, The X-Files, and Russian foreign agent law.[4] He was arrested by FSB for these videos,[1] in which he called Putin's Russia a "fascist state" and the Bucha massacre "a disgrace to our homeland".[4] Kushnir was accused under "the article on public calls for terrorist activity".[b] His case was unknown to human rights activists. He died on 27 July, on the fifth day of a dry hunger strike.[3] He became the first political prisoner in modern Russia to die of a hunger strike.[8]
His friends think that he was beaten in jail, but his mother insisted on a cremation without further investigation. Pavel and his mother and brother had opposing views regarding the war and Russian politics. A few years prior he and his brother had a fight; he then had no contact with the family for two years. There were eleven people at the ceremony in Birobidzhan; his body was then sent to a crematorium in Khabarovsk. His mother and brother did not attend the farewell.[4]
Kushnir was almost unknown during his life. He did not seek fame as a musician, and made very few recordings. He believed that the arts should be free to the audience, and refused to advertise himself.[1] He preferred smaller cities, and wanted to stay in Birobidzhan for twelve years, if "not imprisoned, drafted into the army, or fired".[2][4][9] He thought that he had more freedom outside of the capital, and hoped that there he could avoid playing at state pro-war concerts. After his death, his friends started writing about his overlooked genius.[1][4]
His first book, Russian cut-up ("Русская нарезка"), was published in 2014 as print-on-demand by small German publisher Za-Za Verlag, and was completely unnoticed. Made in the cut-up technique, the book consists of Kushnir's diary and pieces of multiple World War II novels. The book was written as an anti-war manifesto after the 2014 war on Donbas; Kushnir compared it to the "advent of a giant hog".[c] The book was published in paperback shortly after his death.[1][10]
In 2022, he finished his second book, Noel,[1] and described it in an interview:[1]
This is a huge text, the form of which exactly repeats the form of Kepler's Harmony of the World. It is a text of 117 episodes, which is divided into five parts, dedicated to the Red Army Faction, in particular to Ulrike Meinhof. This text is written using the vocabulary of 67 languages and cuttings from 170 texts of other authors of all times and peoples. I wrote it for eight years, from 2014 to 2022.[d]
The book is unpublished, and the location of the draft is unknown as of August 2024. He sent a draft of another book, The Birobidzhan Diary, to a friend before the arrest.[1]The Amazing Race Canada 9 is the ninth season of The Amazing Race Canada, a Canadian reality competition show based on the American series The Amazing Race. Hosted by Jon Montgomery, it featured ten teams of two, each with a pre-existing relationship, in a race across Canada. The grand prize included a CA$250,000 cash payout powered by Samsung, a trip for two around the world, and two Chevrolet Colorado ZR2s.[1] This season visited six provinces and travelled over 12,000 kilometres (7,500 mi) during ten legs. Starting in Winnipeg, racers travelled through Manitoba, Alberta, British Columbia, Ontario, Quebec, and Nova Scotia before finishing in Halifax. A new twist introduced in this season was the Assist, which allowed teams to only perform part of select tasks. The season premiered on CTV on July 4, 2023 and concluded on September 19, 2023.[2][3]
Dating couple Ty Smith and Kat Kastner were the winners of this season, while dating couple Tyler Turner and Kayleen Vanderee finished in second place, and friends Ben Chutta and Anwar Ahmed finished in third place.
On November 28, 2022, CTV announced the renewal of the show for a ninth season.[4][5] Filming for the season was listed as occurring during Spring 2023.[6] Following the 11th Canadian Screen Awards on April 12, 2023, producer Mark Lysakowski announced that filming would begin during the next week.[7]
Filming began in late April in Winnipeg.[8][9] On April 24, 2023, the second leg was filmed in Smithers, British Columbia.[10] Racers were in Greater Victoria on April 29.[11] On May 5, the show was spotted in Niagara-on-the-Lake.[12][13] The show was in Toronto on May 12 with Jon Montgomery and the production crew opening the Toronto Stock Exchange.[14] Later in the day, racers were spotted at Kensington Market.[15] On May 14, 2023, the final leg was filmed in Eastern Passage, Nova Scotia.[16]
This season introduced a new twist called the Assist. Given to each team at the start of the season, teams could use the Assist in select challenges through the sixth leg and only have to perform part of the challenge.
Casting for the ninth season opened on November 28, 2022.[5] Casting was initially set to close on January 6, 2023, but was extended to January 8, 2023.[17][18]
Chevrolet, Desjardins Group, Expedia, Disney Studios (promoting Haunted Mansion), and GURU Organic Energy returned as sponsors. New sponsors included Samsung, Staples Canada, and the Canadian Armed Forces.[1][19]
The cast includes Impact wrestlers Gail Kim and Gisele Shaw, Canada's Drag Race contestants Jermaine Aranha and Justin Baird, actor Joel Oulette, Paralympic snowboarder Tyler Turner, and Ty Smith, a survivor of the 2018 Humboldt Broncos bus crash. The cast was revealed on June 21, 2023.[3][20]
In 2024, Gail Kim competed on the second season of The Traitors Canada.[21]
The following teams are listed with their placements in each leg. Placements are listed in finishing order.
The ninth season of The Amazing Race Canada was the top rated Canadian original program of 2023 with an average viewership of 1.72 million.[22][23]Riffelalp is a railway station on the Gornergrat railway, a rack railway which links the resort of Zermatt with the summit of the Gornergrat. The station is situated west of the Gornergrat, in the Swiss municipality of Zermatt and canton of Valais, at an altitude of 2,211 m (7,254 ft) above mean sea level.[1][2]
The station is linked to the five-star Riffelalp Resort by the 625 metres (2,051 ft) long Riffelalp tram,[2][3] making Riffelalp the highest location in Europe where two distinct railways meet.
As of the December 2023 timetable change,[update] the following services stop at Riffelalp:[4][5][6]


This article about a railway station in Switzerland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Esequiel Coronel (born April 5, 2003) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a midfielder for Las Vegas Legends.
Born in Las Vegas, Nevada, Coronel joined the academy at Real Salt Lake in 2019.[1] He made his professional debut for the club's reserve team, Real Monarchs, on October 4, 2020, against El Paso Locomotive. He came on as a 59th-minute substitute for Bode Davis as Real Monarchs were defeated 0–4.[2]

This biographical article related to an American soccer midfielder is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
4th Avenue Jones (originally 4th Avenue Jones' and sometimes credited as 4th Ave. Jones') was an American alternative hip hop band based in Los Angeles, California. The band was conceived by Ahmad Ali Lewis, popularly known as Ahmad. The band's name comes from the popular idiom "Keeping up with the Joneses" and the street in South Central Los Angeles where they began their rehearsals.
After the success of his 1994 platinum single "Back in the Day" as an 18-year-old, Ahmad became frustrated by the corporate politics choking the industry and the "plastic junk"[citation needed] being forced on the masses, and decided to abandon his solo career and form his own label, Lookalive Records. Lookalive was formed to bring together a dream team of gifted musicians who were committed to the art of music.
The vision for the band was conceived in 1997 when Ahmad Jones commenced rehearsals at a house located on 4th Avenue and Jefferson in South Central Los Angeles. In 2000 the band was formed, and the group independently pressed and distributed their first full album No Plan B. Their persistence paid off as their fan base in the Los Angeles area began to grow. Local weekly gigs soon followed, spreading word of the Jones' classic level of showmanship like wildfire throughout the West Coast music scene.
Interscope Records caught wind of the 4th Avenue Jones' buzz, and quickly offered the band a deal. After enthusiastically completing the 2002 Interscope project, No Plan B, Pt. II, the band continued to electrify audiences, sharing the stage with such notables as Sheryl Crow, Macy Gray, The Roots, James Brown, The Black Eyed Peas, Musiq, and others. Sadly, they were kept in touring limbo by the label and the album was never released.
Frustrated, the Jones' eventually earned their release from the label altogether. Fortunately, by the time they returned to independent status, releasing another underground album, Respect, the group had already stamped an influential mark, and their fans stuck with them.
Inspired with a new vision of things to come, some changes in the band were made. Ahmad enlisted a roster of talent that would position the group for refinement and growth: his wife, Tena Jones on vocals, Tim Stewart aka "Timmy Shakes" on lead guitar, Gailybird on violin, "Phat" Albert Parker on bass, and Derrick "Dee" Calloway on drums.[1]
Their eclectic use of rock-influenced sounds atypical for hip-hop music, especially guitars,[2] was most evident on their first album after leaving Interscope, 2003's compilation Gumbo which introduced the public to their new members, with several band members performing solo tracks on the album.
In 2004, 4th Avenue Jones released their fourth independent album HipRockSoul, and the next year, they released their first Gotee Records-distributed album, titled Stereo: The Evolution of HipRockSoul containing re-mastered and re-mixed tracks from the HipRockSoul album as well as several new songs. After a lot of underground success, this album was the group's mainstream breakout album earning them a Dove Award nomination[3] as well as awards from several Christian and mainstream hip-hop websites.[4]
4th Avenue Jones has also recorded a cover of "Jesus Freak" by Christian rock/pop group dc Talk, which appears on the compilation album Freaked! A Gotee Tribute to dc Talk's "Jesus Freak".

Katherine Ada Mackay (10 December 1901 – 15 June 1975) was an Australian police officer who was one of the first women to hold high rank in the Victoria Police.
Mackay was born in Colombo, Ceylon, to Emma (née Foord) and Robert Mackay. Her father was a merchant, and the family lived for periods in New Zealand and New South Wales before eventually settling in Melbourne. After leaving school, Mackay found work as a typist and stenographer for the Motor Registration Branch. She later joined the Victoria Police in the same capacity, working in the office of the commissioner of police. In 1930, Mackay joined the police force itself, as one of eight women officers at the time. She was initially assigned to the plainclothes branch, but later joined the Criminal Investigation Bureau. She was promoted to senior constable in 1943, and made officer-in-charge of the women's section operating out of Russell Street; by that time the number of policewomen had grown to 15. Mackay was mainly assigned to cases involving women, but received several commendations for her work. She passed the required examinations for promotion to sergeant in 1953, but was not promoted as her superiors were unwilling to give her authority over male colleagues (unlike in other states, where there were a number of women in leadership positions). She appealed that decision to the Police Classification Board, which dismissed her complaint; the case received extensive media coverage. However, following a reorganisation in 1956 a separate seniority list for women was created, and Mackay was promoted to sergeant. She served as Officer-in-Charge of the new Women Police Branch from its creation until her retirement in 1961.[1]Daniel O’Connor (1786–1867) was the first vicar apostolic of Madras. He belonged to Augustinians and came as a missionary to India.[1]
O’Connor was born 6 July 1786 in Limerick city. In 1807 he entered the Augustinian noviciate in Galway, and was professed the following year. He was ordained a priest in 1810, having studied theology in New Ross, County Wexford. After ordination to the priesthood he moved to the Augustinian house in Cork. He was elected provincial around this time and he held rallies for four years to rebuild Dungarvan church in County Waterford. In 1829 he led a delegation to London, which included the Dominican priest John Pius Leahy and Edmund Ignatius Rice, founder of the Christian Brothers, to lobby the government over a clause in the Catholic Emancipation bill which would have prohibited the religious orders. O'Connor was the chief negotiator with the Prime Minister and Home Secretary, and received an assurance that the clause would only be enforced by the attorney general – an action, they believed, that would never be taken.[2]
Doyle recommended O'Connor to the Holy See in 1834 to become the first Irish Catholic vicar apostolic of Madras, India. He was consecrated bishop (3 August 1834) in Cork. O’Connor immediately went about raising money to help him build up the church in Madras. He eventually he collected £942, including money from an Indian princess and a gift of £10 from the Catholic Marchioness Wellesley, of the viceregal lodge, Phoenix Park (sister-in-law to the Prime Minister). He set sail for India on the Duke of Sussex (8 May 1835) from Gravesend, with his secretary and vicar general, Patrick Moriarty (1804–75), and several thousand books, on a journey that took ninety-three days by way of the Cape of Good Hope.[3]
On arrival at Madras he assumed his duties as vicar apostolic. O'Connor was the first British subject to take up a position as a bishop in India.[4] All previous bishops being Portuguese. It was not always easy for O'Connor and he spent some considerable time trying to earn government approval and support. By 1836 the civil authorities recognised him as the leader of local Catholics and in turn he acted as a liaison between the Church and Presidency of Madras. Amongst his priorities were healing rifts amongst the local Catholic clergy and establishing a system of Catholic schools, including girls schools, something which went against Hindu custom. A heavy workload combined with an unhealthy climate placed considerable pressure on O’Connor. This combined with a dispute with the Capuchin fathers in India led in 1837 to a severe stroke, which paralysed his left side.
In 1838 he was made Apostolic Administrator of Mylapore. Here he had to resolve a controversy with his brother Augustinians over the ownership of Church property. The Church in Mylapore predated the Church in Madras and was founded in the 1600s by Portuguese missionaries. Amongst his other pastoral projects were a translation of the catechism into the local Tamil language. His health began to decline and after a bout of fever in 1839 he went to Rome, where he remained until 1842. In 1841 he resigned as Apostolic Vicar of Madras and was succeeded by Patrick Joseph Carew. He left India with a heavy heart, and the people he left behind were likewise saddened by his departure. They gave him several departing gifts, a ring and pectoral cross, symbols of his episcopal authority.[5]
After his return to Ireland, O’Connor moved to Dublin, where he spent the remainder of his life at St John's Priory in the Liberties, Dublin, where he was known as the ‘St John's Lane bishop’. O'Connor remained active in general pastoral work. He also took a keen interest in the Repeal movement, visited Daniel O'Connell in Richmond prison in 1844, and celebrated a special Mass of thanksgiving on his release. Bishop O’Connor died 19 July 1867, and was buried in the Augustinian grave at Glasnevin cemetery.Bargłów Kościelny ([ˈbarɡwuf kɔɕˈt͡ɕɛlnɨ]; Lithuanian: Barglavas[1]) is a village in Augustów County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[2] It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bargłów Kościelny. It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Augustów and 76 km (47 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.

This Augustów County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Chidiock Paulet (by 1521 – 17 August 1574) was an English politician and Captain of Portsmouth. He was born the third son of William Paulet, 1st Marquess of Winchester and educated at the Inner Temple.[1] His unusual name originates from the village of Chideock, Dorset, which was held by Arundells to whom his family were related by marriage.[2]
He was Esquire of the Stable by 1545, Receiver at the Court of Augmentations for Gloucestershire, Hampshire and  Wiltshire by 1550–1554, and at the Exchequer from 1554 to his death.[1]
In the 1530s he was granted a lease of the manor of Odiham, Hampshire.[1] In 1549 he was granted the manor of Wade in Eling by his father.[3]
He was Captain of  Portsmouth from May 1554 – 1559 and treasurer of the Bishop of Winchester from 1566 until his death.[1]
He was returned as a Member (MP) of the Parliament of England for Bramber in 1547. As he had no link with the Sussex constituency, this was presumably through the influence of the privy council, Bramber then being held by the Crown.[4] Following the death of Henry VIII, he did not sit again until he was returned for Gatton in October 1553 following the accession of Mary I.[1]
Although he served as a justice of the peace under Elizabeth I, he was described as not being in favour of her religious settlement.[5] His religious sympathies are also suggested by his failure to sit in Edward VI's parliaments[1] and the Hampshire recusant Peter Tichborne naming his son Chidiock.[6]
He died in 1574.[1] He married firstly Elizabeth, the daughter of Sir Thomas White of South Warnborough, Hampshire, with whom he had 1 son and 3 daughters.[1]
He married secondly Frances (died 1599), the daughter of Sir Edward Neville of Aldington, Kent and widow of Sir Edward Waldegrave of Borley, Essex, with whom he had another son Thomas Paulet.[1] She had been a servant of Mary I of England.[7] Her will mentions her collection of medical books and her distilled waters, as well as a number of pieces of jewelry.[8] She had received gifts of jewels from other courtiers, including three rings on a bracelet from Mary Finch.[9]
This article about a 16th-century member of the parliament of England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bunnanadden, Bunnanaddan or Bunninadden (Irish: Bun an Fheadáin)[1] is a small village in south County Sligo, Ireland. It is on the R296 road, 9 km from Tubbercurry and 8 km from Ballymote.
The village contains the parish church (The Sacred Heart of Mary), two pubs, a national school and sports hall. It formerly had two shops and a post office, the last of which closed in early 2011.
The village is in the parish of Bunnanadden with a second church in Killavil.
The local gaelic football club is Bunninadden GAA, founded in 1886, which also includes the parishes of Doocastle and Killavil.[2]
This article related to the geography of County Sligo, Ireland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Laura del Carmen Vicuña Pino (5 April 1891 – 22 January 1904) was a Chilean child who was noted for her religious devotion. She was beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1988 as the patron of abuse victims[citation needed], having herself experienced physical abuse.
Laura del Carmen Vicuña was born on April 5, 1891, in Santiago, Chile,[2] to José Domingo Vicuña and Mercedes Pino. The Vicuña family were Chilean aristocrats, the father in military service and the mother working at home. Forced out of Santiago by the revolution, the family took refuge in Temuco, but soon after José Domingo died suddenly and Mercedes went to live with her two daughters in Argentina.[3]
Mercedes and her daughters moved to the Argentine province of Neuquén. In search of a way to finance her daughters' education, Mercedes took a job in the Quilquihué Hostel. The owner of the hostel, Manuel Mora, propositioned Mercedes, promising to pay for Laura's education in exchange. Laura soon entered the Hijas de Maria Auxiliadora (“Daughters of Mary Help of Christians”) School, where, under the care of the nuns, she began to take a deep interest in the Catholic faith.[4]
Because of her deep religious interest, she was not well liked by her classmates. She spent most of her time praying before The Blessed Sacrament in the school's chapel. She prayed every day for her mother's salvation and for her to leave Manuel Mora.[5] She had one good friend, Mercedes Vera, to whom she confided her desire to become a nun.
During one of her school vacations, Laura was beaten twice by Manuel Mora, who wanted her to forget about becoming a nun. She held to this desire even when Mora stopped paying for her education,
and when the nuns at her school learned of the conflict, they gave Laura and her sister scholarships.[5] Although she was grateful to her teachers, she still worried about her mother's situation.
One day, remembering the phrase of Jesus: “No one has greater love than to give up one’s life for one’s friends," Laura decided with the authorization of her Bishop to give her life in exchange for her mother's salvation.As time passed she became seriously ill with pulmonary tuberculosis. One day she was beaten up by Manuel Mora even though she was very weak and sick and that accelerated her death.Before she died, Laura told her mother: “Mama, I offer my life for you, I asked our Lord for this. Before I die, Mother, would I have the joy of seeing you repent?” Mercedes crying, answered: “I swear, I will do whatever you ask me! God is the witness of my promise!" Laura smiled and said: "Thank you, Jesus! Thank you, Mary! Goodbye, Mother! Now I die happy!" On 22 January 1904, Laura died of her disease, weakened by the physical abuse she previously received from Mora, having offered her life for the salvation of her mother. From 1937 to 1958, Laura's remains lay in the Nequén graveyard, after which they were moved to Bahía Blanca. One of her famous sayings is "Suffer silently and Smile always".[2]
Bernhard Maier, following the work of Ciro Brugna,[6] says that Laura's popular biographies need revision. Among the points needing revision are the following: that her parents were never married; that her father did not die before the mother left Chile with the two children; and that Laura offered her life for both her parents, as transpires in the notes left by her close friend Maria Mercedes Vera.[7]
The Salesian Sisters of Don Bosco started Laura's canonization process in the 1950s. The congregation commended that duty to the nun Cecilia Genghini, who spent many years collecting information about Laura's life. But she did not see the completion of her work; she died the same year the process began.
One incentive for the congregation was the beatification of Dominic Savio (March 5, 1950) and the canonization of Maria Goretti (June 24, 1950). The progress began in the city of Viedma. But Laura could not be considered a martyr, and because of her young age there was not much hope for her beatification. Nevertheless, in 1981 the application process was completed by the congregation, and on June 5, 1986, she was declared Venerable.
Every candidate for beatification, except in the case of martyrs, must be shown to have obtained a miracle from God when their prayers were invoked. In Laura's case, the requisite miracle concerned the nun Ofelia del Carmen Lobos Arellano. In August 1955, doctors told Sister Ofelia that she would die of lung cancer in a few months, but when she confidently invoked Laura's prayers, the disease disappeared. September 3, 1988,[2] saw Laura's beatification by Pope John Paul II. Her feast day is celebrated on 22 January.
In the 2004 edition of the Roman Martyrology, Laura is listed under 22 January with the citation: "Born in the city of Santiago, Chile, and a pupil of the Institute of Mary Help of Christians; for the conversion of her mother, she made an oblation of her life to God at the age of 13".[8]
No photograph of Laura was known until recently, when a group photograph taken at her school was discovered showing her true appearance. A likeness of her had been painted by Italian artist Caffaro Rore based on descriptions by her sister Julia, depicting her as a dark-haired girl with European features. Church depictions have been changed to more accurately portray her as a serious-looking mestizo child.[9]
The primary shrine for Laura Vicuña is located at Renca Hill, a park of 30 hectares lying between the communes of Quilicura and Renca in Santiago, Chile. The chapel has a capacity of 100.
On December 9, 1999, a shrine in the city of Junín de los Andes was inaugurated and dedicated to her memory.
There is also a small sanctuary in the village of El Durazno near the town of Combarbalá in the Coquimbo Region, where Laura spent part of her early childhood. Local people contributed 200 blocks of adobe each for the construction of the sanctuary.[10]
In the Philippines, there is a brass tribute memorial statue together with St. John Bosco and St. Dominic Savio were located in St. John Bosco Parish Church in Makati City, Metro Manila, and also a colored tribute memorial statue located in Barangay Don Bosco beside PNCC Skyway Bldg. and near SM Bicutan in Parañaque City, Metro Manila. Another concrete statue stands at Mary Help of Christians College in Canlubang, Calamba City, Laguna.
The Laura Vicuña Women Development and Training Center in Victorias City, Negros Occidental was named after her and is managed by the Daughters of Mary Help of Christians. Another concrete statue of Laura stands near the entrance gate of the school.
Nee Premakai (transl. For your love) is a 2002 Indian Telugu-language romantic drama film written by Sreenivasan, directed by Muppalaneni Shiva and produced by D. Ramanaidu under Suresh Productions. The film is an adaptation to Priyadarshan's 1988 Malayalam film Mukunthetta Sumitra Vilikkunnu. The film starred Vineeth, Abbas, Laya and Sonia Agarwal in pivotal roles.[1] Muppalaneni Shiva received the Nandi Award for Best Screenplay Writer for this film.[2]
Srinivas and Prabhu are roommates. Srinivas is a sincere guy working in BATA as manager. Prabhu is a parasite, who uses the money and room of Srinivas for his own luxury. The men have a pious and beautiful neighbor, Anjali. Srinivas sincerely loves her. Srinivas sends money (₹ 10,000) for Anjali as an anonymous well-wisher, since her father could not afford MCA education for Anjali. Prabhu takes the credit by pretending to be that anonymous donor. Prabhu exploits Srinivas and uses it to attract Anjali. Meanwhile, Prabhu creates such a situation where Anjali starts hating Srinivas. A relative of Srinivas talks with the parents of Anjali and makes them agree to have Anjali marry Srinivas. But when Anjali discovers this, she says that she is in love with Prabhu. Anjali's parents alter their decision and decide to have her marry Prabhu.
[3]
This table contains a non-exhaustive list of bridges listed on the various heritage registers of Australia.
Note one important bridge not in this list is the first Australian all-concrete railway bridge built in 1907 at Watson's Gap, near Port Elliott in South Australia (see note below).

This table contains a non-exhaustive list of bridges of architectural interest, as determined by the Engineers Australia and/or other architectural organisations, as cited.


This table presents a non-exhaustive list of the road and railway bridges with spans greater than 100 metres (328 ft).


- SA Government Department of Environment Register nomination report Heritage significance, Watson's Gap Bridge.
Download coordinates as:Saint-Georges-de-Pointindoux (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ ʒɔʁʒ də pwɛ̃tɛ̃du]) is a commune in the Vendée department in the Pays de la Loire region in western France.

This Vendée geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.John Townsend (born May 23, 1938) is a Wisconsin politician and legislator.
Born in St. Louis, Missouri, Townsend graduated from Wayne State University. He served on the Fond du Lac, Wisconsin Common Council. Townsend was elected to the Wisconsin State Assembly in 1999.[1] In October 2009, Townsend announced his retirement from politics, confirming that he would not seek re-election.[2]

This article about a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Leo–Chlorodont was an Italian professional cycling team that existed from 1955 to 1958.[1] Its sponsors were Italian hand cream Leo and German toothpaste Chlorodont.[2] Gastone Nencini won the general classification of the 1957 Giro d'Italia with the team.[3]

This cycling team article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an Italian sports club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Keiko Hasegawa (長谷川 恵子, Hasegawa Keiko, born 21 September 1955) is a Japanese speed skater. She competed in two events at the 1976 Winter Olympics.[1]

This biographical article on a speed skater in Japan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Vitus Ashaba (21 April 1943 – 1985) was a Ugandan middle-distance runner. He competed in the men's 1500 metres at the 1972 Summer Olympics.[1]
This biographical article relating to Ugandan athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
9 is the second studio album by Irish singer, songwriter and producer Damien Rice, released in 2006. The album was released on 3 November in Ireland, 6 November in the United Kingdom and 14 November in the US. It was followed by the single "9 Crimes", which was released on 27 November 2006. The record was certified gold in the UK.
Damien Rice had originally intended to record only one album, O, but he ended up releasing 9 at the insistence of his record company. He later said in an interview: "Now I regret that, because I would take half the songs that are on 9 off. I just don't think it's as good a record as it could be".[1]
"Elephant" was originally titled "The Blower's Daughter Part 2". "The Blower's Daughter" is a song on Rice's first album O.
The album was released to mixed critical and fan reaction. NME gave the album 4/10, describing it as "IKEA rock". Hot Press wrote "If Rice really was a nervous wounded-wing, there's no way he'd skirt as close to Nick Drake comparisons as he does on 'The Animals Are Gone'", and, in a reference to the 'noise' preceding the first track, "there's another noise that can be made out faintly but distinctly – the sound of the Grays, LaMontagnes, Johnsons and the Blunts of this world breaking their pencil tips on their jotters in sheer envy and frustration."
Both Mojo and Q gave the album 4/5. The Sunday Times made it their 'Album of the Week'. It was People's Critic Choice in November 2006.
The album reached number 4 in the UK Albums Chart.[12] In the US, it was on the Billboard 200 for 10 weeks, peaking on its debut at number 22.[citation needed]
All tracks are written by Damien Rice


Trochocarpa montana, commonly known as mountain tree-heath,[2]  is a species of flowering plant in the family Ericaceae and is endemic to high altitude places in New South Wales. It is a much-branched shrub with narrowly egg-shaped, narrowly elliptical to broadly egg-shaped leaves, racemes of creamy-brown, tube-shaped flowers, and purple to black drupes.
Trochocarpa montana is a much-branched shrub that typically grows to a height of 2–10 m (6 ft 7 in – 32 ft 10 in) and has fawn to grey branchlets. Its leaves are arranged alternately along the stems, narrowly egg-shaped, narrowly elliptical to broadly egg-shaped, 10.5–50 mm (0.41–1.97 in) long and 4–26 mm (0.16–1.02 in) wide on a petiole 1.5–4.5 mm (0.059–0.177 in) long. The leaves are glossy green on the upper surface and paler below, with 5 to 7 veins visible, especially on the lower surface. The flowers are arranged in racemes on the ends of branches and in leaf axils, each flower on a pedicel 0.2–0.5 mm (0.0079–0.0197 in) long with bracts and bracteoles 1.1–1.6 mm (0.043–0.063 in) long and 1.0–1.1 mm (0.039–0.043 in) wide. The sepals are egg-shaped to elliptic, 1.2–2.0 mm (0.047–0.079 in) long and 0.6–1.1 mm (0.024–0.043 in) wide. The petals are creamy-brown, 2.8–3.5 mm (0.11–0.14 in) long and joined at the base to form a tube 1.6–2.1 mm (0.063–0.083 in) long with lobes 1.2–1.6 mm (0.047–0.063 in) long.[3][2][4]
Trochocarpa montana was first formally described in 2007 by John Beaumont Williams and John T. Hunter in the journal Telopea, from specimens collected in the Cathedral Rock National Park in 1995.[5] The specific epithet (montana) refers to the occurrence of all populations at high elevations.[2]
Mountain tree-heath mostly occurs in and on the margins of rainforest with Antarctic Beech  or Sassafras or in wet forests dominated by Eucalyptus obliqua.[2][3][4]
The Burden is a novel written by Agatha Christie and first published in the UK by Heinemann on 12 November 1956. Initially not published in the US, it was later issued as a paperback by Dell Publishing in September 1963. It was the last of six novels Christie wrote under the nom-de-plume Mary Westmacott.
The title of the novel is taken from Chapter 11, Verse 30 of the Gospel of Matthew. The full line, as quoted in the Epigraph to the novel, is:
When Laura Franklin's younger sister Shirley comes into the world, Laura instantly resents her, and soon begins to wish and even pray that her baby sister will die. But after saving Shirley's life in a fire, she experiences a complete change of feeling, and becomes very affectionate and protective towards her. Later, as the sisters grow up and fall in love, Laura begins to realise that the burden of her love for Shirley has had a dramatic effect on both their lives.
Siriol Hart's review in the Times Literary Supplement of 7 December 1956, said, "The Burden is by a writer who has been Mary Westmacott for six books and Agatha Christie for more than anyone can count. In spite of the modern smart trimmings, this seems very much the art of story-telling that would be at home in the most staunchly traditional woman's magazine, where all the problems are resolved when the mousey heroine puts on some lipstick (called, in this case "Fatal Apple"), and finds the love of her life."[1]
Vernon Johnson reviewed the novel in the 20 November 1956, issue of The Guardian when he called it a "fantastical novelette" and quoted several lines from the book in a disparaging fashion, stating that they were examples of "the style and the treatment".[2]Beachy is a surname of Amish origin. Notable people with the surname include:
María Ángeles Parejo Jiménez is a former Spanish football striker who developed her career in Italy's Serie A, playing for ACF Torino, Torres CF, Atlético Oristano, Olbia CF, Roma CF and Reggiana between 1988 and 2011.[1] She also played for Takarazuka Bunny in Japan's L. League. Her best season was 1997–98, when she scored 38 goals in 23 matches.[2]
She was a member of the Spain women's national football team,[3] and played the 1997 European Championship where she scored 3 goals to help Spain reach the semifinals.[4] She was included in the competition's all-star team.[5]

This biographical article related to women's association football in Spain is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Sanremo Young is a teen talent show, devoted for young singers aged between 14 and 17, which takes inspiration from Sanremo Music Festival. The show, presented by Antonella Clerici, is held in the Teatro Ariston of Sanremo and broadcast on Rai 1.[1]
The show is directed by Duccio Forzano and presented by Antonella Clerici, with the participation of various guests. The cast of young talents will be accompanied by the SanremoYoung Orchestra, entirely composed of musicians between the ages of 18 and 25, selected by Diego Basso. The choreographies are curated by Daniel Ezralow.[2]
All the selected contestants will compete from the early evening, interpreting famous songs composed by great authors and performed by Italian and international artists. They will be judged by the Academy -a jury composed of different characters- and by the public televoting.[1]
The first season begins on February 16, 2018 and will last for five weeks.
1,137 young singers participated in the selections, but only twelve were selected for the cast:[2]
Lazy Acres is an unincorporated community and a census-designated place (CDP) located in and governed by Boulder County, Colorado, United States. The CDP is a part of the Boulder, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population of the Lazy Acres CDP was 957 at the United States Census 2020.[3] The Boulder post office (Zip Code 80302) serves the area.[4]
Lazy Acres is located in central Boulder County in the Front Range of the Southern Rocky Mountains. It is situated on a ridge northwest of the city of Boulder.
The Lazy Acres CDP has an area of 3,386 acres (13.704 km2), including 1.0 acre (0.004 km2) of water.[2]
The United States Census Bureau initially defined the Lazy Acres CDP for the United States Census 2010.
Endoxyla celebesa is a moth in the family Cossidae.[1] It is found on Sulawesi.[2]

This article relating to the moth subfamily Zeuzerinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Muhammad Abdul 'Ati (Arabic: محمد عبد العاطي; born 27 December 1963) is an Egyptian civil engineer, and a former Egyptian Minister of Irrigation and Water Resources.[1][2][3][4]
Muhammad Abdul Ati received his Bachelor of Engineering from Cairo University in 86 and his Ph.D. from Ain Shams University. He worked as head of the projects sector at the National Bank, lived for a time in Ethiopia, and participated in a study committee for  the Renaissance Dam project.[5][6]
Abdul Ati won the Le prix Gaïa International Prize in Water Resources.[7]Freedom Mobile is a Canadian wireless telecommunications provider owned by Québecor. As of November 30, 2022 it is the fourth-largest wireless carrier in the country with 2,290,497 subscribers and a 6% market share, primarily concentrated in urban areas of Ontario, British Columbia, Alberta, and Manitoba. In addition to mobile phone plans, Freedom also offers home internet and TV services.[1]
Founded in 2008 as Wind Mobile by the telecommunications company Globalive, Wind Mobile emerged as one of several new mobile carriers launched in Canada that year under a government initiative to foster competition in the wireless sector. Alongside Mobilicity (later acquired by Rogers Communications) and Public Mobile (later acquired by Telus Communications), Freedom Mobile initially introduced mobile data and voice services in Toronto, Ontario, on December 16, 2009, and Calgary, Alberta, on December 18, 2009.[2][3]
In 2016, Shaw Communications acquired Wind Mobile, and subsequently rebranded it as Freedom Mobile.[4][5] On June 17, 2022, Shaw Communications, Rogers Communications, and Québecor jointly announced an agreement for the sale of Freedom Mobile to Vidéotron, a subsidiary of Québecor, pending approval from the Competition Bureau and the Minister of Innovation, Science and Economic Development. The sale received approval on March 31, 2023, and was finalized on April 3, 2023.[6]
Globalive, a Canadian company, was primarily financed by the Egyptian corporation Orascom Telecom Holding and managed by Wind Telecom S.p.A., which owns several other "Wind" brand telecommunications companies. In 2008, Globalive bid CAD $442 million to secure the Advanced Wireless Services (AWS) wireless spectrum (3G at 1,700 MHz) required for launching its network.[7] Ken Campbell, a former executive at Vodafone and Orascom, was appointed the first CEO of Globalive Wireless in 2008.[8] However, the company's launch was delayed due to a public ownership review by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC). The regulatory body found that Globalive did not meet Canadian ownership requirements, primarily due to its reliance on Orascom for its debt, which amounted to CAD $508 million.[9][10]
On December 11, the Governor-in-Council, acting on the advice of then Minister of Industry Tony Clement, issued a final decision deeming that Globalive did meet the ownership requirements, allowing it to enter the Canadian market immediately.[11]
On December 14, Wind Mobile announced a partnership with Blockbuster LLC in Canada, establishing Wind kiosks and offering prepaid products at 16 Blockbuster locations, including 13 in Ontario and 3 in Calgary.[12] On December 16, Wind Mobile officially launched its service in Toronto, with a launch event held at its Queens Quay location in downtown Toronto.[13] Two days later, on December 18, Wind Mobile expanded its service to Calgary, Alberta.[3]
Chris Robbins, Chief Customer Officer, resigned from Wind Mobile on March 4, 2010. Both Robbins and Wind Mobile stated that the departure was due to strategic changes and Robbins' desire to pursue other business opportunities. However, analysts viewed the change negatively, speculating that an executive departure so early indicated disappointing market penetration.[14]
On February 25, Wind Mobile launched in Edmonton, Alberta, followed by an official launch in Ottawa, Ontario, on March 26, and later expanded to Vancouver, British Columbia, on June 3.[15][16][17]
In early July 2010, Wind Mobile reached 100,000 subscribers.[18]
On February 4, 2011, the Federal Court ruled in favour of competitors Public Mobile and Telus, declaring the Governor in Council's decision regarding Wind's Canadian ownership requirements improper.[19] On May 18, the Federal Court of Appeal heard arguments from Wind and the federal government to overturn the Federal Court decision. The appeal was successful, and the Federal Court of Appeal restored the Governor in Council's order, affirming Wind met Canadian ownership requirements.[20]
On March 17, shareholders of the Russian mobile operator VimpelCom supported a $6 billion deal to acquire Wind Telecom, which included Orascom Telecom, a significant shareholder in Wind Mobile. This transaction would create the world's fifth-largest mobile operator with over 173 million subscribers.[21] In June 2011, Ken Campbell, Wind Mobile's founding CEO, resigned.[22]
On November 7, Wind Mobile launched a new advertising campaign with the slogan "That's the power of Wind."[citation needed]
On March 1, 2012, Wind Mobile refreshed its plan lineup. The Clever and Brilliant plans were eliminated, while Pay Your Way permanently included unlimited incoming calls on Wind's network. The mid-range Smart and high-end Genius plans lost their names and had some features altered. Only SMS messages sent to Canadian numbers were included, and all MMS or non-Canadian SMS became pay-per-use. The Wind 25 plan included 100 MB of mobile Internet access, while the Wind 40 plan featured 5 GB of full-speed mobile Internet instead of voicemail.[23]
On January 18, 2013, Anthony Lacavera announced his transition from CEO to chairman of the company. At the same time, Wind Mobile disclosed reaching approximately 600,000 subscribers.[24] VimpelCom Ltd. initiated efforts to find potential buyers for Wind in March 2013.[25]
On April 10, 2013, Wind Mobile announced that it would withdraw from the Canadian Wireless Telecommunications Association. Mobilicity and Public Mobile also withdrew, alleging bias favouring competitors Bell, Rogers, and Telus.[26]
On June 19, 2013, Orascom Telecom, a VimpelCom subsidiary, retract its application to assume full control of Wind Mobile, reversing an earlier decision.[27] The Globe and Mail reported on June 26, 2013, that Verizon Wireless had made a $700 million offer to acquire Wind Mobile, although Verizon later announced no interest in the Canadian wireless market.[28][29]
On September 4, 2013, reports surfaced that Wind Mobile was negotiating to acquire customers from struggling competitor Mobilicity as it prepared to cease consumer operations.[30] Mobilicity denied these reports shortly after.[31]
On January 13, 2014, VimpelCom, Wind Mobile's majority shareholder through its subsidiaries Wind Telecom and Global Telecom Holding, withdrew its financial support for Wind Mobile's bid in the Industry Canada 700 MHz spectrum auction due to a dispute with the Canadian federal government.[32]
By September 2014, VimpelCom sold its majority stake in Wind Mobile to AAL Acquisitions Corporation (a holding company controlled by Wind Mobile founder Anthony Lacavera) for $135 million, with the consortium also assuming $150 million of Wind's debt.[33] Industry Canada approved the transaction in November 2014, transferring Wind's spectrum licences to AAL Acquisitions Corp.[34] These assets were subsequently transferred to Mid-Bowline Holdings Corporation, controlled by a consortium of investors including Globalive and several Canadian and American private equity firms.[35] Wind Mobile retained licensing rights to the Wind name and logo until 2016.[36]
In December 2014, newly appointed CEO Pietro Cordova outlined Wind Mobile's plans for expanding LTE services and participating in the Canadian government's 2015 spectrum auctions, opportunities previously restricted under VimpelCom's ownership.[35] Cordova also proposed acquiring underutilized spectrum from other companies such as Vidéotron Mobile and unused AWS spectrum purchased by Shaw Communications, as well as developing partnerships with providers like Mobilicity and Vidéotron to expand Wind's coverage.[37] Cordova suggested the possibility of Wind Mobile pursuing an initial public offering in 2016 or 2017, pending approval from Mid-Bowline Holdings investors.[38]
In February 2015, Wind Mobile entered negotiations to acquire Mobilicity ahead of the AWS-3 spectrum auction registration deadline, as reported by the Financial Post. Talks stalled due to Mobilicity's creditors seeking a high price for its assets, and discussions ceased by January 30, 2015, when both companies registered independently for the auction.[39]
Industry Canada announced the results of the AWS-3 auction on March 6, 2015. Mobilicity withdrew due to funding constraints, enabling Wind Mobile to secure the entire spectrum block allocated for new entrants in Alberta, British Columbia, and southern Ontario with a successful bid of $56.4 million, increasing its spectrum holdings in these regions by 180 percent.[40][41]
On March 23, 2015, Alek Krstajic, former CEO of Public Mobile, was appointed CEO of Wind Mobile Corporation, with Robert MacLellan, a former executive of Toronto-Dominion Bank, named chairman of the board.[42] Wind's shareholders at the time included Toronto hedge fund West Face Capital (35%), California-based fund Tennenbaum Capital Partners (31%), and Globalive Capital Voting Group (25%), which included Tony Lacavera's investment fund together with investment vehicles owned by Alex Shnaider, Terrence Hui, and Michael Serruya, and an investment firm controlled by Lawrence Guffey (8%).[citation needed]
Wind Mobile made headlines on June 17, 2015, by becoming the first cellular provider to offer service in TTC subway stations through an agreement with BAI Canada, securing exclusive rights to the underground mobile system for one year.[43]
In June 2015, under the terms of Rogers Communications' acquisition of Mobilicity, Wind Mobile acquired AWS spectrum licences from Rogers Communications and Mobilicity for provinces including British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, and northern and eastern Ontario for a nominal fee of $1 per licence.[44] Wind also gained an option to purchase half of Mobilicity's infrastructure for $25 million and executed a spectrum swap with Rogers so that both companies' AWS spectrum blocks were contiguous in southern Ontario.[45][44]
Subsequently, Wind sold newly acquired AWS-1 spectrum licences to regional telecoms in Manitoba and Saskatchewan on July 31, 2015, totalling $45 million to MTS and undisclosed amounts to SaskTel, aiming to enhance regional competition and fund LTE network upgrades in British Columbia, Alberta, and Ontario.[46][47]
On December 16, 2015, Shaw Communications announced its plan to acquire Wind Mobile's parent company, Mid-Bowline Group, in a deal valued at approximately $1.6 billion.[48] The acquisition required approval from Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada and the Competition Bureau. As part of the announcement, Shaw outlined several terms of the acquisition: Alek Krstajic, then-CEO, would continue to lead Wind as a division within Shaw, headquartered in Toronto as a distinct unit. Wind would remain as a budget-priced mobile carrier in the short term, and the ongoing upgrade from HSPA 3G to LTE would proceed as planned.[49] Shaw Communications' CEO, Brad Shaw, stated that the acquisition would enable Shaw to compete on the same level as rival Telus in western Canada and gain a foothold in the Ontario telecom market.[48]
The Competition Bureau approved the purchase on February 4, 2016, and Shaw completed the acquisition on March 1, 2016.[50] Shaw funded part of the deal by selling Shaw Media to Corus Entertainment, also controlled by the Shaw family.[51]
On November 21, 2016, Shaw announced that Wind Mobile would be renamed Freedom Mobile. The decision to rebrand was influenced by rising royalty fees for licensing the Wind name from VimpelCom. CEO Alek Krstajic explained that the company wanted to shed the "baggage" associated with the Wind name and use the rebranding to signify new ownership.[52] On the same day, Freedom Mobile announced the launch of LTE service on the AWS-3 band in Toronto and Vancouver.[52]
In April 2017, Alek Krstajic stepped down as CEO and was replaced by Paul McAleese, whose title was later changed to Chief Operating Officer.[53]
On November 7, 2017, Freedom Mobile announced that LTE access would be enabled on all grandfathered 3G plans at no additional cost. This upgrade coincided with a national upgrade of Freedom's cell sites to utilize newly acquired 2500 MHz (Band 7) spectrum and the reallocation of some AWS-1 (Band 4) spectrum for LTE.[54]
In July 2020, Shaw began operating Shaw Mobile as an MVNO on the Freedom Mobile network in Alberta and British Columbia. The service was offered as part of a quadruple play with Shaw's television, internet, and home phone services.[55][56]
Rogers Communications and Shaw Communications announced a $26 billion transaction on March 15, 2021, where Rogers would acquire all outstanding Class A and Class B shares of Shaw. The transaction, reflecting a 70% premium on Shaw's Class B share price, aims to boost 5G infrastructure in western Canada, create 3,000 jobs, and connect underserved communities. Rogers committed to not increasing wireless prices for Freedom Mobile customers for at least three years post-transaction. The transaction was expected to close in the first half of 2022, pending regulatory and court approvals.[57]
On April 21, 2021, Freedom Mobile announced an indefinite pause on its 5G network launch through a memo to its employees. The memo explained that the decision was necessary due to the highly competitive market and uncertainties regarding spectrum and infrastructure needed for future phases of the 5G rollout. Amid the pending Rogers-Shaw merger, Freedom Mobile's parent company opted out of the federal government's 5G spectrum auction.[58]
On March 3, 2022, the federal government announced it would block the transfer of wireless licenses from Shaw Communications Inc. to Rogers Communications Inc. Industry Minister François-Philippe Champagne expressed concerns that the $26-billion acquisition of Shaw by Rogers would reduce competition and increase cellphone bills for Canadians. The acquisition was being reviewed by three federal regulators: Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission, and the Competition Bureau.[59]
On March 24, 2022, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) approved Rogers Communications Inc.'s acquisition of Shaw Communications Inc.'s broadcasting services. This approval came with several conditions, including a $27.2 million contribution to various funds and the creation of an Indigenous news team. The CRTC concluded that the transaction would not reduce the diversity of voices in Canada or unduly affect the competitive landscape, deeming it in the public interest.[60]
On May 9, 2022, the Competition Bureau of Canada filed an application to block Rogers Communications Inc.'s acquisition of Shaw Communications Inc., arguing it would lead to higher prices, poorer service quality, and reduced choice for consumers, particularly in the wireless sector. The bureau's investigation found that the $26-billion deal would eliminate Shaw's Freedom Mobile, which it considered a strong independent competitor that has driven down prices and innovated in wireless services.[61]
On May 12, 2022, Québecor Inc.'s CEO Pierre Karl Péladeau signalled that he would like to purchase Freedom Mobile if regulators force Rogers to sell it as a requirement of the merger's approval. On May 19, 2022, Globalive Capital founder Anthony Lacavera reinforced his bid for Freedom Mobile by signing a network and spectrum sharing agreement with Telus Corp., conditional on Globalive's successful acquisition of Freedom. Lacavera founded Wind Mobile in 2008.[6][62]
On June 17, 2022, Rogers Communications Inc. announced it would sell Freedom Mobile Inc. to Québecor Inc. for $2.85 billion, aiming to address regulatory opposition to its acquisition of Shaw Communications Inc. This deal included Freedom's wireless and internet customers, infrastructure, spectrum, and retail sites.[63]
On August 12, 2022, Rogers Communications Inc., Shaw Communications Inc., and Québecor Inc. finalized an agreement for Québecor's subsidiary, Vidéotron Ltd., to acquire Freedom Mobile Inc. "The parties strongly believe the Freedom Transaction provides the best opportunity to create a strong fourth national wireless services provider and addresses the concerns raised by the Commissioner of Competition and the Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry regarding the Rogers-Shaw Transaction. With this Agreement, the new combined business of Vidéotron and Freedom will be well-positioned to launch a strong, competitive national 5G offering, using Vidéotron's 3500 MHz holdings."[64][6]
On December 29, 2022, the Competition Tribunal rejected the Competition Bureau's attempt to block the merger, ruling that the consolidation of the two companies, along with the sale of Freedom Mobile to Vidéotron, would not significantly raise prices or reduce competition.[65] On December 30, 2022, the Competition Bureau announced it would appeal the Competition Tribunal's decision.[6]
On January 24, 2023, the Federal Court of Appeal rejected the Commissioner of Competition's bid to overturn the tribunal's approval of the Rogers-Shaw merger. The court ruled that the merger, which includes the sale of Freedom Mobile to Vidéotron, would not significantly impact prices or competition in Canada's telecommunications sector. Despite the Competition Bureau's objections, the court found no basis to overturn the tribunal's decision, paving the way for the merger pending final approval from Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada.[66]
On March 31, 2023, François-Philippe Champagne, Minister of Innovation, Science and Industry, gave the final regulatory approval to the deal by allowing the transfer of Freedom's wireless licences to Vidéotron. As part of these agreements and conditions, Vidéotron:[6]
Failure to comply with these conditions may result in substantial financial penalties, with Vidéotron facing potential damages of up to $200 million. Vidéotron and Rogers have also entered into commercial network-access agreements, which includes a MVNO and Domestic Roaming Agreement, on terms that will help Vidéotron compete more effectively as it expands in other regions of Canada.[67]
The acquisition was completed on April 3, 2023.[6] On July 24, 2023, Freedom Mobile launched 5G and nationwide unlimited plans, expanding its 5G network to cover over 12 million residents in the Toronto, Vancouver, Calgary and Edmonton metropolitan areas, along with select cities across Ontario, British Columbia and Alberta.[68] On November 21, 2023, Freedom Mobile introduced the "Roam Beyond" plan, initially offering roaming in 73 countries.[69] By June 20, 2024, the plans expanded their coverage to include roaming in 92 countries.[70] 30-day "Roam Beyond Passes" are also available.[69]
In May 2024, Freedom Mobile began to quietly launch home internet and IPTV services resold from Vidéotron-owned VMedia in selected markets, allowing it to offer a triple-play service. Péladeau stated that "making Freedom a 3-product player is a key milestone in our plan to give Canadians better telecommunications options and to foster healthy competition in more markets."[71][72]
On May 23, 2024, Freedom Mobile expanded its services into Manitoba as an MVNO, introducing wireless, home internet, and TV options along with new retail locations in Winnipeg. Pierre Karl Peladeau, Québecor's CEO, emphasized the milestone as a significant move towards providing innovative and affordable telecom solutions to Manitobans, promoting competition in the region.[73] Alongside this launch, Freedom introduced the Subscription Area, expanding customer eligibility beyond the Freedom Network boundaries.[74] Additionally, Freedom is required to build out its own network in region where it operates as an MVNO within seven years.[75]
In 2024, Freedom Mobile began deploying some 3500 MHz 5G sites in the Greater Toronto Area and Vancouver.[76][77]
On July 25, 2024, Freedom Mobile revamped its wireless plans, introducing 5G access and U.S. and Mexico roaming to all monthly phone plans, with prices starting at $5 per month.[78][79]
Freedom Mobile has a name sponsorship deal with an outdoor events venue on the Pacific National Exhibition grounds, to be opened in 2026.[80]
On January 28, 2025, Freedom Mobile refreshed their plan offerings with every plan now including 5G+.[81]
Many of the assets listed above are only partially owned by Shaw. Refer to full asset list for detailed information.
This is a list of fermented foods, which are foods produced or preserved by the action of microorganisms. In this context, fermentation typically refers to the fermentation of sugar to alcohol using yeast, but other fermentation processes involve the use of bacteria such as lactobacillus, including the making of foods such as yogurt and sauerkraut. Many fermented foods are mass-produced using industrial fermentation processes. The science of fermentation is known as zymology.
Many pickled or soured foods are fermented as part of the pickling or souring process, but many are simply processed with brine, vinegar, or another acid such as lemon juice.
Most cheeses are fermented as part of their production.
This is a list of fermented drinks. Although many fermented drinks are alcoholic beverages, not all fermented drinks are alcoholic.Tracy Jackson Putnam (April 14, 1894 – March 29, 1975) among other things was a co-discoverer of Dilantin for controlling epilepsy.[1]
Putnam graduated from Harvard College in 1915, and then from Harvard Medical School in 1920.[2]
Putnam worked for the Boston City Hospital and in the New York Neurological Institute at Columbia University. He was promoted to director after his work with phenytoin (Dilantin).[3] In 1938, people including himself and H. Houston Merritt discovered phenytoin's usefulness for controlling seizures, without the sedative effects associated with phenobarbital.
According to Goodman and Gilman's Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics:
In contrast to the earlier accidental discovery of the antiseizure properties of potassium bromide and phenobarbital, phenytoin was the product of a search among nonsedative structural relatives of phenobarbital for agents capable of suppressing electroshock convulsions in laboratory animals.[4]
At his time there were quotas for Jewish physicians. He opposed the existence of the quotas. He was forced to resign from Columbia in 1947, maybe because of this.[5] However, other sources mention a "personal tragedy" Putnam went through at that time (presumably the death of his daughter, Lucy Washburn Putnam, on September 24, 1947),[6] after which he resigned from Columbia and abandoned all scientific activities.[7]
He treated Johnny Gunther for a brain tumor. Gunther’s eventual death from that tumor was written about by his father John Gunther in the 1949 book Death Be Not Proud.[8]
In 1937, Putnam and Alexandra Adler conducted a study about multiple sclerosis.[9][10] The study was conducted on the brain of a multiple sclerosis victim, and resulted in new information on how the disease affected the human body.[10] Illustrations from the study are frequently used in medical literature.[11]
Putnam was one of the first persons to propose, as early as the 1930s, a vascular cause for multiple sclerosis,[12] resurrecting the previous works of Eduard von Rindfleisch. The idea remained obscure until the syndrome of chronic cerebrospinal venous insufficiency (CCSVI) was associated with multiple sclerosis in 2008.
In 1963 Putnam had a small role in the science-fiction movie The Slime People. He played a scientist and was not listed in the credits.
The Capps House is a historic house in rural Monroe County, Arkansas. It is located in the southern part of the county, just east of Arkansas Highway 17 on the north side of County Road 48 (New Cutts Road).
It is a two-story brick I-house, oriented east–west. A porch across its front facade was reported in 1990 to be collapsed, while the northern porch retained original chamfered posts, despite having been screened. The property includes as outbuildings a small pumphouse and a barn, and includes the family cemetery of William T. Capps, who built this house around 1875. It is one of the best-preserved 19th-century I-houses in this part of the county.[2]
The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on June 21, 1990.[1]

This article about a property in Monroe County, Arkansas on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Appalachian Wireless Arena is a multi-purpose arena in Pikeville, Kentucky. Opened in October 2005, it hosts various local concerts and sporting events for the area. The facility, which can seat 7,000 for concerts and 5,700 for sporting events, is owned by the Commonwealth of Kentucky and managed by the City of Pikeville.
From 2005 to 2019, the facility was named the Eastern Kentucky Expo Center, however in June 2019 naming rights were sold to Appalachian Wireless, as part of a 5-year, $85,000/year contract.[3][4]
On October 22, 2022, the Kentucky Wildcats men's basketball played the annual Blue-White intra-squad scrimmage, normally held at Rupp Arena at Appalachian Wireless Arena to raise money for relief due to the 2022 Eastern Kentucky floods.  The event raised over $160,000.[5]
Within the sociology of knowledge, agnotology (formerly agnatology) is the study of deliberate, culturally induced ignorance or doubt, typically to sell a product, influence opinion, or win favour, particularly through the publication of inaccurate or misleading scientific data (disinformation).[5][6] More generally, the term includes the condition where more knowledge of a subject creates greater uncertainty.
Stanford University professor Robert N. Proctor cites the tobacco industry's public relations campaign to manufacture doubt about the adverse health effects of tobacco use as a prime example.[7][8] David Dunning of Cornell University warns that powerful interests exploit the internet to "propagate ignorance".[6]
Agents of culturally induced ignorance include the media, corporations, and government agencies, through secrecy and suppression of information, document destruction, and selective memory.[9] Passive causes include structural information bubbles, including those that reflect racial and class differences, based on access to information.
Agnotology also focuses on how and why diverse knowledge does not "come to be", or is ignored or delayed. For example, knowledge about plate tectonics was censored and delayed for at least a decade because some evidence remained classified military information related to undersea warfare.[7]
The availability of large amounts of knowledge may allow people to cherry-pick information (whether or not factual) that reinforces their beliefs[10] and ignore inconvenient knowledge by consuming repetitive or fact-free entertainment. Evidence conflicts on how television affects viewers.[11]
There is a cult of ignorance in the United States, and there has always been. The strain of anti-intellectualism has been a constant thread winding its way through our political and cultural life, nurtured by the false notion that democracy means that      "my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge".
The term was coined in 1992 by linguist and social historian Iain Boal[13][5][14][15] at the request of Stanford University professor Robert N. Proctor.[16] The word is based on the Neoclassical Greek word agnōsis (ἄγνωσις, 'not knowing'; cf. Attic Greek ἄγνωτος, 'unknown' and -logia (-λογία).[7]
The term "agnotology" first appeared in print in a footnote in Stanford University professor Proctor's 1995 book, The Cancer Wars: How Politics Shapes What We Know and Don't Know About Cancer:
Historians and philosophers of science have tended to treat ignorance as an ever-expanding vacuum into which knowledge is sucked – or even, as Johannes Kepler once put it, as the mother who must die for science to be born. Ignorance, though, is more complex than this. It has a distinct and changing political geography that is often an excellent indicator of the politics of knowledge. We need a political agnotology to complement our political epistemologies.[17]
In a 2001 interview about his lapidary work with agate, Proctor used the term to describe his research "only half jokingly" as "agnotology". He connected the topics by noting the lack of geologic knowledge and study of agate since its first known description by Theophrastus in 300 BC, relative to the extensive research on other rocks and minerals such as diamonds, asbestos, granite, and coal. He said agate was a "victim of scientific disinterest," the same "structured apathy" he called "the social construction of ignorance".[18]
He was later quoted as calling it "agnotology, the study of ignorance," in a 2003 The New York Times story on medical historians who testify as expert witnesses.[19]
In 2004, Londa Schiebinger[20] claimed that agnotology questions why humans do not know important information and that it could be an "outcome of cultural and political struggle".[21]
In 2004, Schiebinger offered a more precise definition in a paper on 18th-century voyages of scientific discovery and gender relations,[20] and contrasted it with epistemology, the theory of knowledge, saying that the latter questions how humans know while the former questions why humans do not know: "Ignorance is often not merely the absence of knowledge but an outcome of cultural and political struggle."[21]
Proctor co-organized events with Schiebinger, his wife and fellow professor of science history.[22][9] In 2008, they published an anthology entitled Agnotology: The Making and Unmaking of Ignorance, which "provides a new theoretical perspective to broaden traditional questions about 'how we know' to ask: Why don't we know what we don't know?" They locate agnotology within the field of epistemology.[23]
Some other examples offered by Proctor include Nakba education in the United States [24] and Penn State as an official United States Marine Corps university.[24]
The fossil fuel industry used the technique in its campaign against the scientific consensus on climate change. It became the focus of the 2010 book Merchants of Doubt by Naomi Oreskes and Erik M. Conway.[25] Oil companies paid teams of scientists to downplay its effects.[26]
Michael Betancourt used agnotology in a critical assessment of political economy in a 2010 article and book.[27][28] His analysis focused on the housing bubble as well as the 1980 to 2008 period. Betancourt argued that this political economy should be termed "agnotologic capitalism", claiming that the systematic production and maintenance of ignorance enabled a "bubble economy" that allowed the economy to function.[20] In his view, the role of affective labor is to create/maintain agnotologic views that enable the maintenance of the capitalist status quo. This is done by proffering counters to every fact, creating contention and confusion that is difficult to resolve. This confusion reduces dissent by deenergizing its motivating alienation and thus its potential to address weaknesses that may trigger collapse.[27]
From the same Greek roots, agnoiology refers either to "the science or study of ignorance, which determines its quality and conditions"[29] or "the doctrine concerning those things of which we are necessarily ignorant,"[30] describing a branch of philosophy studied by James Frederick Ferrier in the 19th century.[31]
Anthropologist Glenn Stone points out that some examples of agnotology (such as work promoting tobacco use) do not actually create a lack of knowledge so much as they create confusion. As a more accurate term Stone suggested "ainigmology", from the Greek root ainigma (as in 'enigma'), referring to riddles or to language that obscures the true meaning of a story.[32]
An emerging scientific discipline that connects to agnotology is cognitronics,[33][34] which aims to explain distortions in perception caused by the information society and globalization and cope with these distortions.[34]
Irvin C. Schick distinguishes unknowledge from ignorance, using the example of "terra incognita" in early maps in which mapmakers marked unexplored territories with that or similar labels, which provided "potential objects of Western political and economic attention."[35]
Agh Bolagh-e Sofla (Persian: اغ بلاغ سفلي, also Romanized as Āgh Bolāgh-e Soflá; also known as Āgh Bolāgh-e Pā’īn and Āq Bolāgh-e Pā’īn)[1] is a village in Arshaq-e Markazi Rural District, Arshaq District, Meshgin Shahr County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 54, in 11 families.[2]
This Meshgin Shahr County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Chamdo Region or Qamdo Region (Chinese: 昌都地区; pinyin: Chāngdū Dìqū; Wade–Giles: Chʻang1-tu1 Ti4-chʻü1) was a province-level area of the People's Republic of China comprising most of the western Kham region of traditional Tibet, where the Khampa, a subgroup of the Tibetan people, live. Chamdo split from Xikang Province in 1950 after the Battle of Chamdo. Chamdo was merged into Tibet Autonomous Region in 1965.

This Chinese location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Kansai Electric Power Company, Incorporated (Japanese: 関西電力株式会社, Kansai Denryoku kabushiki gaisha, KEPCO), also known as Kanden (関電), is an electric utility with its operational area of Kansai region, Japan (including the Keihanshin megalopolis).
The Kansai region is Japan's second-largest industrial area, and in normal times, its most nuclear-reliant. Before the Fukushima nuclear disaster, a band of 11 nuclear reactors – north of the major cities Osaka and Kyoto – supplied almost 50 percent of the region's power. As of January 2012, only one of those reactors was still running.[1] In March 2012, the last reactor was taken off the powergrid.
Kansai Electric Power Company has 164 plants with a total production capacity of 35,760 MW.
On 9 August 2004, KEPCO reported that five of its employees were killed by a steam burst in the turbines housing building, at the Mihama Nuclear Power Plant in Fukui Prefecture. The burst, according to KEPCO, was due to the neglect of mandated safety checks and there was no release of radioactivity.
On 22 March 2006, in Ōi Nuclear Power Plant, at the waste incineration facility area, where ash is packed in steel barrels, a fire broke out. Two workers were admitted to a hospital after inhaling smoke, but not in critical condition. No radiation leakage was monitored.[2]
The Kansai region is Japan's second-largest industrial area, and in normal times, its most nuclear-reliant. Before the Fukushima nuclear disaster, a band of 11 nuclear reactors – north of the major cities Osaka and Kyoto – supplied almost 50 percent of the region's power. But as of January 2012, only one of those reactors is still running. Meanwhile, power company employees are racing to reassure Japanese that plants are safe and necessary. In 2012, officials from Kansai Electric Power Co., "have gone door to door in towns that host its nuclear plants, conducting polls and answering questions".[1]
Eiji Moriyama, the former deputy mayor of Takahama now deceased, was the primary "fixer" between Kepco and businesses in Takahama. Beginning as early as 1987, Moriyama was a conduit for funneling cash and gifts to Kepco officials in exchange for kickbacks and contracts to real estate and construction-related firms. Moriyama received "consulting fees" for his help.[3]
The earliest indication of the corrupt relations between Kepco and local businesses appeared in a report from the taxation authorities, regarding unreported income on "idle lands".[4][5] This was followed by a report in 2011 that Kepco had sold scrap metal to a local company at below market value.[6]
In 2012 it was revealed that a member of the town assembly of Takahama, Fukui, Tomio Yamamoto, had received as president of the real estate company OHC Fukui, over 100 million yen for the rent of an unused factory over four years from 2006 to 2010 from a subsidiary of Kansai Electric Power Co. (KEPCO) The factory was used for storage, but the rent was unusually high, almost double the market price. The money was apparently paid in return for promoting nuclear power. In September 2010 an opinion statement to reactivate the nuclear reactors was proposed by Akio Awano, the vice speaker of the town assembly. Yamamoto and two other town assembly members did sign the proposal before it was submitted to the assembly.[7]
In 2014, the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry cited Kepco for restraint of trade (社宅) in the purchase of transmission line equipment. After review, 240 employees were found to have been involved in the price rigging, and the company dismissed four vice presidents and four executive officers.[8]
Overall, more than 380 cases were discovered where money and gifts had been exchanged for the awarding of contracts to businesses connected to Moriyama, including pay-outs to board members and the company's president. In response to these revelations, Kepco Chairman Makoto Yagi resigned in 2019, and Kepco president Shigeki Iwane resigned in 2020.[3] Takashi Morimoto, executive vice president, became the new president.[9]
In August 2011 citizens of the prefecture Shiga, at the banks of Lake Biwa, started a lawsuit at the Otsu District Court, and asked a court order to prevent the restart of seven reactors operated by Kansai Electric Power Company, in the prefecture Fukui.[10]
On 27 February 2012 three Kansai cities, Kyoto, Osaka and Kobe, jointly asked Kansai Electric Power Co. to break its dependence on nuclear power. In a letter to KEPCO they also requested to disclose information on the demand and supply of electricity, and for lower and stable prices. The three cities were stockholders of the plant: Osaka owned 9% of the shares, while Kobe had 3% and Kyoto 0.45%. Toru Hashimoto, the mayor of Osaka, announced a proposal to minimize the dependence on nuclear power for the shareholders meeting in June 2012.[11]
On 18 March 2012 the city of Osaka decided as largest shareholder of Kansai Electric Power Co, that at the next shareholders-meeting in June 2012 it would demand a series of changes:
In this action Osaka had secured the support of two other cities and shareholders: Kyoto and Kobe, but with their combined voting-rights of 12.5 percent they were not certain of the ultimate outcome, because for this two-thirds of the shareholders would be needed to agree.to revise the corporate charter.[12]
At a meeting held on 10 April 2012 by the "energy strategy council", formed by the city of Osaka and the governments of the prefectures, it became clear that at the end of the fiscal year 2011 some 69 employees of Kansai Electric Power Company were former public servants. "Amakudari" is the Japanese name for this practice: hiring officials that formerly controlled and supervised the firm: among these people were:
Besides this, it became known that Kansai Electric had done about 600 external financial donations, to a total sum of about 1.695 billion yen:
During this meeting some 8 conditions were compiled, that needed to be fulfilled before a restart of the No.3 and No.4 reactors Oi Nuclear Power Plant:
On 14 September 2013, the day before the no. 4 Oi reactor was scheduled to closed down for regular inspections, some 9000 demonstrators gathered at the Kameido Chuo Park and later marched close to JR Kinshicho Station and the Tokyo Skytree. They called for an end of Japan's dependency on nuclear power.[14] The day after the Oi-reactor closed down, leaving Japan without any nuclear power for the third time in 40 years.[15]
Over the business year 2011-2012, which ends in March, Kansai Electric Power Co. was expected to suffer a loss of 250 billion yen or more, because of the growing fuel cost for thermal power generation. In the business year 2009 the net loss was 8.7 billion yen.[16]Lorenzo Tenchini (1852–1906) was born in Brescia, Italy, and studied Medicine in Pavia where he became lecturer of Anatomy in 1880.
In 1881, at the age of 29 years, he was appointed Professor of Anatomy at the University of Parma. Tenchini began to study the morphology of the brains of criminals, later founding the "Museum of Criminal Anthropology". He collected brains of delinquents and their wax masks and studied the relationship between neuroanatomy and criminality. He promoted the building of a lunatic asylum in the province of Parma and was interested in social medicine, including the pellagra scourge in Northern Italy. Tenchini conducted important research work in the field of neuropsychiatry and anthropology. He was one of the founders of criminal anthropology in Italy and sought to explain criminal behavior through the study of neuroanatomy.

This Italian scientist article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a criminologist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bulwick is a village and civil parish in North Northamptonshire, England. According to the 2001 census it had a population of 152 people,[1] including Blatherwycke and increasing to 171 at the 2011 census.[2]  It is about six miles north-east of Corby, and is just off the A43 road. The Willow Brook runs through the village.
The villages name means 'bull specialised farm'.[3]
The village Church of England parish church is dedicated to St Nicholas. Bulwick Meadows is a Site of Special Scientific Interest.
The village is twinned with Adams, North Dakota.
Media related to Bulwick at Wikimedia Commons

This Northamptonshire location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
"Who's Your Daddy" is the fourth episode of the first season of the American sports drama television series Friday Night Lights, inspired by the 1990 nonfiction book by H. G. Bissinger. The episode was written by consulting producer Kerry Ehrin and directed by Allison Liddi-Brown. It originally aired on NBC on October 24, 2006.
The series is set in the fictional town of Dillon, a small, close-knit community in rural West Texas. It follows a high school football team, the Dillon Panthers. It features a set of characters, primarily connected to Coach Eric Taylor, his wife Tami, and their daughter Julie. In the episode, Voodoo starts training for the Panthers, and Matt fears his spot is challenged. Meanwhile, Jason moves into the rehabilitation facility and meets his roommate.
According to Nielsen Media Research, the episode was seen by an estimated 6.27 million household viewers and gained a 2.2 ratings share among adults aged 18–49. The episode received positive reviews from critics, who praised the performances and character development. Critics, however, expressed frustration towards the character of Voodoo, with many criticizing his behavior.
During a Panthers party hosted by Matt (Zach Gilford), Voodoo (Aldis Hodge) gets into a conflict with Smash (Gaius Charles) when he changes the party's music. Smash threatens with violence, but Voodoo simply walks away. During this, people vandalize the Panthers' field house.
Eric (Kyle Chandler) deduces that their longtime rivals, Arnett Meade, was responsible for the damage, but tells the team that they will not seek retaliation. Even though Voodoo arrives late to training and the team does not like him, he excels at his athletic skills, impressing Eric and Buddy (Brad Leland). Eric is also skeptical of Matt's prospects, as he continues being distracted during practice. That night, Matt finds that Lorraine (Louanne Stephens) has wandered into a neighbor's house, leading to her arrest and forcing him to pick her up. Lyla (Minka Kelly) tells Tim (Taylor Kitsch) that their kiss was a mistake and asks to move forward with their respective lives, which Tim agrees.
Jason (Scott Porter) starts physical therapy at the rehabilitation facility, but he is resistant to the treatments. He is also annoyed by his roommate, an athlete in a wheelchair named Herc (Kevin Rankin). At a party hosted by the Taylors, a brick is thrown through the window with the words "Die Panther Pigs". That night, Matt joins Tim, Smash and other players in vandalizing the car belonging to Arnett Meade's quarterback, and is seen by the player before fleeing. As they were not identified, Eric punishes the whole team for their actions. Later, Matt is confronted by Arnett Meade players at his job, and is brutally beaten. He calls Eric to help him leave the hospital, forcing Eric to take Matt alongside him to a dance recital by Julie (Aimee Teegarden). Matt admits to his role in vandalizing the car, but refuses to disclose the rest of the team.
At the dance recital, Eric apologizes to Tami (Connie Britton) for not taking seriously her job and determination. Eric notes Matt's conversation with Julie, and laments a possible relationship between them. Lyla is surprised at her bedroom by Tim, who states that he cannot stop thinking of her. Although confused, she gives in and they both share a kiss.
In October 2006, NBC announced that the fourth episode of the season would be titled "Who's Your Daddy".[1] The episode was written by consulting producer Kerry Ehrin and directed by Allison Liddi-Brown. This was Ehrin's first writing credit, and Liddi-Brown's first directing credit.[2]
In its original American broadcast, "Who's Your Daddy" was seen by an estimated 6.27 million household viewers with a 2.2 in the 18–49 demographics. This means that 2.2 percent of all households with televisions watched the episode. It finished 68th out of 104 programs airing from October 23–29, 2006.[3] This was a 5% decrease in viewership from the previous episode, which was watched by an estimated 6.55 million household viewers with a 2.3 in the 18–49 demographics.[4]
"Who's Your Daddy" received positive reviews from critics. Eric Goldman of IGN gave the episode a "good" 7.8 out of 10 and wrote, "Friday Night Lights was a bit below par this week. The opening scenes were a bit clunky, with some small moments and characters coming off a bit more hammy and unbelievable than is the norm for this decidedly genuine-feeling series. The portrayal of Voodoo so far is also questionable, as he is just such a smug, arrogant jerk, and feels too one-note at this point. Would he really go so far as to change the music, without permission, at a party of a team he has just joined and hasn't gotten to know at all yet? Luckily, the episode picked up considerably as it progressed."[5]
Sonia Saraiya of The A.V. Club gave the episode an "A–" grade and wrote, "This is the thing about Friday Night Lights: It hits the same beats as every other teen soap opera on the planet, but it somehow still sticks, and sticks hard. And I think it accomplishes that by being relentless — we're given all the details of every character; and usually, the show doesn't pick sides."[6] Alan Sepinwall wrote, "I don't know that this episode was quite as gripping as the first three, but I liked the extended focus on Saracen, as well as continued realistic friction in the Taylor marriage - and the meeting of the two stories when Coach realized he had just suggested that his quarterback get his daughter into the back of a Volkswagen (or similarly uncomfortable place)."[7]
Brett Love of TV Squad wrote, "Overall, another good episode, and it sets up a ton of stuff for the big Monday show. Looking forward to it. Hopefully a couple million of those Heroes fans will stick around to see what "that football show" is all about."[8] Television Without Pity gave the episode a "B+" grade.[9]
Takale Tuna (born 17 January 1965) is a Papua New Guinean sprinter. He competed in the men's 200 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics.[1]
Tuna has been described as "one of PNG's most successful ever athletes".[2] His son Tovetina Tuna is also a sprinter.[2]

This biographical article relating to Papua New Guinean athletics is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Předmostí 3 was an Upper Paleolithic Homo sapiens from the Czech Republic, geologically dated to the Late Pleistocene.[1]
It was found in Předmostí, Moravia, and  dated to 26,000 B.P.[2] and has a cranial capacity of 1580 cubic centimetres (Holloway 2000;Holloway et al 2004)[3]
The specimen was  destroyed in 1945 in the Second World War as retreating German troops set fire to Mikulov Castle where the remains were stored.[1]
In a morphometric analysis of cranio-facial traits compared to modern humans,  Předmostí 3 was found to correlate to a 73% similarity.[clarification needed][4]
Upper Paleolithic skulls are at least as flat-faced as modern ones, except for Predmosti 3[5]
The skull belongs to a morphological Upper Palaeolithic group that also includes Grotte des Enfants 4, Barma Grande 5, Pavlov 1 and Sunghir 1.[6]
Predmosti 3 had a retromolar space, which is absent from most modern humans.[7] Předmostí 3's hand is similar to that of the Middle Paleolithic Skhul IV.[8]Nieva is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain, about 32 km (19.8 mi) northwest of the town of Segovia. According to the 2010 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 340 inhabitants.


This article about a location in the province of Segovia, Spain is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."Natsu Koi★Natsu GAME" (夏恋★夏GAME, Natsu Koi★ Natsu GEMU) is a single by Japanese band An Cafe. The single comes in three editions; the 2 limited versions including a bonus DVD with videoclip and a special Europe Footage. The title track will be featured in their album BB Parallel World. The song peaked at No. 13 on the Japanese singles chart.[1]
Wes Craven (1939–2015) was an American film director, screenwriter, producer, editor, and actor. He contributed to many projects as either the director, writer, producer, editor, actor, or a combination of the five.[1][2]
Producer only
Executive producer only
TV movies
Producer only
Executive producer only
TV series
Executive producer onlyVillarrica Airport (ICAO: SCVI) is an airport 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) south of Villarrica in the La Araucanía Region of Chile.

This article about an airport in Chile is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Gustav Heistermann von Ziehlberg (10 December 1898 – 2 February 1945) was a war criminal and a general in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross. Convicted in connection with the 20 July plot, he was sentenced to death and executed by firing squad. Von Ziehlberg was married to Anneliese von Tschischewitz, with whom he had four daughters and two sons.[1]
Whilst commanding the 65th Infantry Division in Italy, von Ziehlberg ordered the illegal executions of four SAS men: Captain Patrick Dudgeon, Sergeant William Foster, Corporal James Shortall, and Gunner Bernard Brunt, between September and October 1943.[2] He took 34 Italian civilians hostage and requested permission to execute them in reprisal for suspected partisan attacks. The request was denied by Erwin Rommel. Von Ziehlberg fought on the Eastern Front in 1944.[1][3]
On 20 July 1944, von Ziehlberg was ordered to arrest his Ia staff officer Major Joachim Kuhn for his involvement in the 20 July plot. Kuhn together with his friend Lieutenant Albrecht von Hagen had arranged for the explosive delivered by Helmuth Stieff to Claus von Stauffenberg. On 21 July he had accompanied General Henning von Tresckow to the front near Królowy Most, where Tresckow committed suicide. Confronted with the warrant, Kuhn denied any entanglement. Instead of arresting him, von Ziehlberg told Kuhn to transfer his official duties and proceed to Berlin in order to clear things up. Kuhn used that opportunity to flee towards the forces of the Soviet 2nd Belorussian Front. He was taken prisoner and interrogated by the SMERSH counter-intelligence agency.
Von Ziehlberg was charged with negligent disobedience. In September 1944, he was sentenced to nine months in prison by the Reichskriegsgericht, but was pardoned for his previous service. He returned to his division, but was again summoned to Berlin on 30 October. Hitler, suspecting him of collaboration with Generaloberst Ludwig Beck, revoked his sentence and had von Ziehlberg re-arrested to face another trial. On 21 November he was sentenced to death by the Reichskriegsgericht, dishonourably discharged, and stripped of all honors, ranks and titles. The judges openly stated that they had to follow the Führer's instructions.
Ziehlberg was executed on 2 February 1945 by a Wehrmacht firing squad at a proving ground near Olympic Stadium in the Charlottenburg (present-day Westend) district of Berlin.
Cauan de Almeida(interim)
The 2022 season was Sport Club Internacional's 112th season in existence. As well as the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the club competed in the Copa do Brasil, the Campeonato Gaúcho and the Copa Sudamericana.
Internacional started the season under coach 'Cacique' Medina, but soon found itself in a bad situation after a sub-par performance in the Campeonato Gaúcho, being knocked out by rivals Gremio thanks to a 3–0 home defeat in the knockout round which the team was unable to turn around even after winning at the Arena do Grêmio in the 2nd leg.
Moreover, Inter managed to suffer one of the worst defeats of its history after being knocked out in the First Round of the Copa do Brasil to a 2–0 defeat to minnows Globo FC, pilling pressure on the team and Medina. The Uruguayan was sacked after a 1–1 draw at Beira-Rio vs Guaireña, prompting the hiring of veteran and Rio Grande do Sul-born Mano Menezes.
Under Menezes, the Colorado slowly managed to find consistency, also greatly after the signings of players like Wanderson, Carlos De Pena, Vitão, Renê, Gabriel, Pedro Henrique and Alan Patrick. Inter qualified to the Sudamericana quarterfinals, a campaign highlighted by a comeback vs Colo Colo with a big 4–1 win at Beira-Rio, but was eliminated on its home soil to Melgar on penalties.
Internacional soon piled good results in the Brasileirão and was constantly on the races for the top spot, but was unable to reach eventual champions Palmeiras and found themselves Serie A runner-ups once again, the fifth time it happened in the 21st century.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules; some limited exceptions apply. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.

Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules; some limited exceptions apply. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Source: Competitions
The draw for the round of 16 was held on 27 May 2022.
Source: [citation needed]
The league fixtures were announced on 2 February 2022.[35]
Player with no appearances not included on list. Matches played as a sub in parentheses.
* Denotes a player that did not end the season at the club // ** Retired from football
Gaúcho
Gaúcho
Christopher Kinney (born November 9, 1988) is an American bobsledder who placed 19th in the four-man event at the 2018 Winter Olympics.[1] In 2020, he came out as bisexual.[2]

This biographical article relating to American bobsleigh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Arturs Maskats (born 20 December 1957 in Valmiera) is a Latvian composer[1]
and since 1996 artistic director of the Latvian National Opera.[2] His orchestral composition, Tango, received international exposure as one of the finalist works of the third Masterprize International Composing Competition in 2003.[3] It was also played at the 2022 Summer Night Concert Schönbrunn by the Vienna Philharmonic under Andris Nelsons in Vienna, Austria.[4]

This article about a Latvian composer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Swedish football district associations are the local governing bodies of association football in Sweden. District FAs exist to govern all aspects of local football in their defined areas, providing grassroots support to the Swedish Football Association by promoting and administering football, futsal and beach soccer in their respective districts.
Most of the 24 District FAs align roughly with the boundaries of the historic Provinces of Sweden, although Stockholm FA and Gothenburg FA cover the two major cities and their immediate conurbations. The District FAs administer youth football and the lower tier leagues from Division 4 (men) and Division 3 (women), respectively, and further below.[1]
The 24 district organisations are as follows:[2]
This article about an association football-related organization is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Jeremy Case is an American college basketball coach who is an assistant coach at the University of Kansas. He won an National Championship as a player at Kansas in 2008 and won another championship as an assistant coach in 2022.
Case played for the McAlester High School in McAlester, Oklahoma. When he graduated, Case was the school's all-time leading scorer in basketball with 2,249 points, winning a regional championship and making the state 5A tournament twice, and playing at the varsity level all four years.[2] The McAlester News-Capital also named Case as the 2002 all-area basketball player of the year. Case was named to the school's McAlester Athletics Hall of Fame in 2017.[2]
Case received offers from many universities including Oklahoma, Ohio State, Notre Dame, Oklahoma State, and Colorado.[3] On July 9, 2003, he announced his choice to play college basketball at the University of Kansas.[4]
Case played in 94 games while at Kansas.[1] During his time he won four Big 12 championships, 3 Elite Eights, and the 2008 National Championship. He was a two-time Academic All-Big 12 First Team honoree in 2006 and 2008.
Case remained at Kansas as a graduate assistant from 2008 to 2009.[5] Case left Kansas to work as an assistant coach at Southeast Missouri State from 2009 to 2012.[6] From 2012 to 2016, he was an assistant coach at Houston Baptist University.[7] Case returned to Kansas to serve as video coordinator in August 2016.[8] He was promoted to assistant coach at Kansas on an interim basis in the summer of 2021 before being named full time assistant a few months later.[9]
Case lives with his wife and son in Lawrence, Kansas.[1] His father, Win Case, was the head basketball coach at Oklahoma City University from 1993 until 2005 and is an assistant coach at Ole Miss.[10] Win was a college teammate of Bill Self at Oklahoma State during the 1980s.Monolake is a German electronic music project founded in 1995, initially consisting of members Gerhard Behles and Robert Henke. Monolake is now being perpetuated by Henke while Behles has focused on running the music software company Ableton, which they founded in 1999 together with Bernd Roggendorf. In 2004, Torsten Pröfrock became a member of the project.
Monolake is now perpetuated by Henke alone.
Monolake's minimal, dub-influenced techno helped establish the sound of the Chain Reaction label, also located in Berlin, which subsequently used their own [ml/i] (Monolake / Imbalance Computer Music) label for the group's output. Both current members of Monolake have their own solo projects, with Henke releasing under his own name and Pröfrock as "T++" and "Various Artists."
In 2008, T++ followed Ricardo Villalobos in bridging the gap between minimal techno and dubstep by remixing Shackleton's Death Is Not Final for the Skull Disco label.
In 2009, Henke appeared in the electronic music documentary Speaking In Code, which presented the completion of the Monodeck.[1] As of 2012, Henke has been designing a new form of live show syncing surround-sound audio stems with visual loops, allowing for improvisation.[2]
Monolake is named after Mono Lake, which is east of the Sierra Nevada in California.
Henke is a software engineer who develops custom software and hardware for live performances. As well as working as an engineer for Ableton, Henke designed the Atlantic Waves software for performing live with other producers in different countries simultaneously.[3]
In 2003, Henke designed the Monodeck, a MIDI-controller interface for spontaneous editing and effects work during live performances, even without having to look at the computer screen.[4] The Monodeck and its successor, Monodeck II, control Ableton Live through special software designed with Max/MSP.
Robert Henke solo
Torsten Pröfrock solo
The Cross Internacional de Soria, also known as the Campo a Través Internacional de Soria, is an annual cross country running competition that takes place in Soria, Spain. First held in 1994, it usually takes place in late November and gained IAAF cross country permit meeting status in 2007.[1] It was previously a European Athletic Association permit meeting.[2]
The competition features elite races of 10 km for men and 8 km for women. The men's and women's race had initially been competed over distances of 9 km and 6 km respectively, but the course lengths were increased in 2006.[3][4] The course, known as the "Monte Valonsadero", was used in the early 1990s as a training ground by Fermín Cacho and Abel Antón,[5] two of the region's foremost athletes. After inspecting the area, Miguel Ángel Pérez and Adolfo Caballero (members of the Athletics Delegation for Soria) suggested that a cross country meeting should be held there.[6] It is a grassy course set in the Sorian countryside,[7] and it is at a particularly high altitude – 1063 metres above sea level.[8]
Many World Championship medallists have competed at the course,[7] including Gebregziabher Gebremariam, Zersenay Tadese, Meselech Melkamu and Linet Masai. The meeting tends to be dominated by runners from East Africa and Spain.[9] The high standard of runners that the meeting attracts means that the Cross Internacional de Soria is consistently ranked among the best cross country meetings in Spain by the Real Federación Española de Atletismo – the Spanish governing body for athletics.[6]Skartados (Greek: Σκαρτάδος) is a Greek surname. Notable people with the surname include:My New Time is the third studio album by the Dutch gothic metal band Autumn.[1]
The band shot a music video for the song "Satellites", under the supervision of the Dutch production company Wudenshu.

This 2000s metal album–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Simeon was an IMAP4 email client by The Esys Corporation with support for IMSP and LDAP.[1]
Simeon was available for several platforms, including Windows (3.x, 95 and NT), Macintosh (both 68k and PowerPC), and multiple Unix variants.[2]
Although commended for its rich features as an early IMAP client, its difficult interface was regarded as more complex to use than POP based mail clients.[1] Lack of advanced filtering of mail and inability to easily manage multiple mail accounts (Simeon requires editing of configuration files) were also criticized.[2]
Simeon was the default email client installed on Heriot-Watt University's IT infrastructure.[3] It was also formerly used at the University of East Anglia.

This network-related software article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The 2016 BNP Paribas Primrose Bordeaux was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the ninth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2016 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Bordeaux, France between 9 and 15 May 2016.
The following players received wildcards into the singles main draw:
The following player received entry as a special exempt into the singles main draw:
The following player received entry as an alternate into the singles main draw:
The following players received entry from the qualifying draw:
Antonio Cifaldi (7 October 1899 – 27 June 1967) was an Italian politician who served as Mayor of Benevento (1944–1945), member of the Constituent Assembly (1946–1948), Deputy (1948–1953) and Undersecretary of State (1945–1946, 1947–1950).[1][2]

This article about a Campania politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a mayor in Italy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.せ, in hiragana, or セ in katakana, is one of the Japanese kana, each of which represents one mora.  Both represent the sound [se], and when written with dakuten represent the sound [ze].  In the Ainu language, the katakana セ is sometimes written with a handakuten (which can be entered into a computer as either one character (セ゚) or two combined ones (セ゜) to represent the [t͡se] sound, and is interchangeable with ツェ (tse).

Oecomys paricola, also known as the Brazilian oecomys,[2] Brazilian arboreal rice rat,[1] or South Amazonian arboreal rice rat,[3] is a species of rodent in the genus Oecomys of family Cricetidae. It is found in northeastern Peru as well as central Brazil south of the Amazon, where it lives in lowland tropical rainforests.[1]

This Oecomys article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Brendan Dunne (born 5 July 1955) is an Irish Olympic boxer. He became the first light-flyweight boxer to represent Ireland at the Olympic Games when he competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal.[1] He won his first match against Noboru Uchiyama of Japan, and lost his second against the eventual bronze medalist, Orlando Maldonado of Puerto Rico.[2]

This biographical article related to an Irish boxer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."One Day Like This" is the second single from English band Elbow's fourth studio album, The Seldom Seen Kid, released on 2 June 2008[1] on two 7-inch vinyl records and one CD single.
On 21 May 2009, the song won the Ivor Novello Award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically. In October 2011, NME placed it at number 41 on its list of "150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years".[2] After featuring in the 2012 Summer Olympics Closing Ceremony, the single peaked at No. 4 in the United Kingdom—a new high for the song and for the band.
The chorus line lyric "one day like this a year would see me right" had been in singer Guy Garvey's diary for several years before the song was written. Speaking in 2014 about the song, Garvey said, "We put the chords behind it and realised it was going to be the hook of all hooks. I was like, 'what do we think?'... It was, 'it's kind of similar to "Hey Jude", isn't it?' I was like, 'yeah, and it's also similar to "Loaded" by Primal Scream, and we like both those songs, don't we?' So isn't it just generous to do that, isn't it a satisfying thing for the listener?... And my God, how it changed our fortunes."[3]
"One Day Like This" debuted at No. 39 in the UK Singles Chart on 8 June 2008, marking Elbow's seventh UK top-40 single. After 14 weeks, the single finally peaked at No. 35 on 14 September 2008.[4] Due to the band's increasing popularity in the UK after winning their 2009 BRIT Award for Best British band, "One Day Like This" spent more weeks in the UK top 75 than any of Elbow's other singles with 31 weeks in five runs by the end of 2014, peaking at No. 4 in August 2012 following their appearance at the closing ceremony of the London Olympics.[4] In February 2021, it was certified double Platinum in the UK by the BPI.[5] It also charted in the Flanders region of Belgium in July 2009, when it peaked at No. 19 on the region's Ultratop chart.[4]
The promotional video for the song was directed by Rigan Ledwidge.[6] It features a man (David Lemke, an employee at the time of guerilla marketing franchise AArrow Advertising[7][8]) at a busy road junction, holding a red sign in the shape of a pointing arrow, containing the words "Condos - Now Selling".  As he stands at the junction, he turns the sign around many times, pointing it in all directions, including flipping it in the air and spinning it on his head, whilst the motorists, pedestrians and skateboarders pass by.
CD single
7-inch vinyl 1
7-inch vinyl 2
‡ Sales+streaming figures based on certification alone.
Snow Patrol covered "One Day Like This" on Jo Whiley's "Live Lounge on Tour", and was released as a limited edition b-side of "Crack the Shutters".[11][12] An excerpt from the song is included in "The Official BBC Children in Need Medley", a charity single performed by Peter Kay's Animated All Star Band, released on 21 November 2009. The excerpt segues from "Hey Jude"—a similarity pointed out by Garvey.[3]
"One Day Like This" was the second single from Sarah Brightman's eleventh studio album, Dreamchaser, released on 15 April (16 January in Japan), 2013, and produced by Mike Hedges and Sally Herbert.[13][14]
This music video starts with Sarah in her purple kimono setting her own tea for breakfast. She then dresses herself up in black and gold and has her hair tied in an updo and she puts on her space helmet for the rest.John Armand Rich is Professor and chair of the Department of Health Management and Policy at Drexel University in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was a  2006 MacArthur Fellow.
Rich, originally from Queens, New York City,[1]  received an A.B. in 1980  from Dartmouth College his M.D. in 1984 from Duke University School of Medicine, and an M.P.H. in 1990 from the Harvard School of Public Health. He did his internship and residency at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston.[1]
In the 1990s Rich worked at Boston City Hospital[2] as a primary care physician.[3] In 1993,  he established the Young Men's Health Clinic in Boston aimed at young men who were victims of urban violence. His work there has been published in journal papers and elsewhere.[4][5] In addition to the Young Men's Health Clinic he initiated the Men's Health CREW.[1] The Men's Health CREW is a community health-worker training program for young men of color.[6] His book, Wrong Place, Wrong Time:  Trauma and Violence in the Lives of Young Black Men was published in late 2009 by the Johns Hopkins University Press.
He was the  Boston Public Health Commission's   medical director from 1998 to 2005. Since then Rich has been the Director of Drexel's Center for Academic Public Health Practice.[1] Before coming to Drexel, he was   associate professor of medicine and of public health at Boston University.
In 2007, he received an honorary  Doctor of Science from Dartmouth College. He has been featured in the  2001 documentary film "The Angry Heart", produced by  Jay Fedigan.
Rich is the Director and Founder of the Center for Nonviolence and Social Justice at the Drexel University School of Public Health. Rich served as a member of the Board of Trustees of Dartmouth College from 2008 to 2016.
In 2006 he was awarded the MacArthur Fellowship in honor of his design for "new models of health care that stretch across the boundaries of public health, education, social service, and justice systems to engage young men in caring for themselves and their peers."[1]
Other Awards:

This article about an American scientist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Socialist Party (Spanish: Partido Socialista, PS) is a  centre-left[24] political party in Argentina. Founded in 1896, it is one of the oldest still-active parties in Argentina, alongside the Radical Civic Union.[25]
The party has been an opponent of Kirchnerism and Mauricio Macri.[26][27]
The history of socialism in Argentina began in the 1890s, when a group of people, notably Juan B. Justo, expressed the need for a greater social focus. The PS itself was founded in 1896, led by Justo and Nicolás Repetto, thus becoming the first mass party in the country. The party affiliated itself with the Second International.[28] Between 1924 and 1940 it was a member of the Labour and Socialist International.[29]
Through its life, the party suffered from various splits: the International Socialist Party (which became the Communist Party of Argentina) and the Independent Socialist Party were the most notable. The most important of those was in the 1960s, when the party divided itself in half, giving birth to the more radical Argentine Socialist Party (Partido Socialista Argentino, PSA), and the more moderate Democratic Socialist Party (Partido Socialista Democrático, PSD). In 1966, two factions departed the PSA: Vanguardia Comunista and Partido Socialista de Vanguardia. In 1972, the remaining of the PSA together with other leftist groups formed the Popular Socialist Party (Partido Socialista Popular, PSP). The PSP and PSD were rejoined in 2002, forming the Socialist Party.
Among the socialist leaders of Argentina, the most remarkable are Alfredo Palacios, who was the first socialist parliamentarian in the Americas (1904) and a Senator in the 1960s; Juan B. Justo, doctor, philosopher, writer and leader of the party until his death in 1928; Alicia Moreau de Justo (1895–1986), Justo's wife, who was for years the editor of the Socialist newspaper La Vanguardia; Guillermo Estévez Boero, founder of the Popular Socialist Party; and Alfredo Bravo, a teacher, unionist, human rights militant and respected legislator in the last two decades of the 20th century (died 2003).
The Socialist Party of Argentina maintains an electoral stronghold in the province of Santa Fe, and particularly in Rosario, where mayors have been socialists since 1989. Former two-term mayor Hermes Binner slowly became acknowledged as a reference character for the party. In the 2005 parliamentary elections a Socialist-Radical alliance led by Binner won 5 seats in the national Lower House, and in the elections of 2007, Binner, leading a broad, centre-leftist political coalition (the Progressive, Civic and Social Front), became the first Socialist to be elected governor of an Argentine province.[30]
In the 2011 general election, Binner was the Socialist candidate and achieved 2nd place with 16.8% of votes.[31] Despite this number being well below the 54.1% achieved by Peronist leader Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, the Socialist Party considered the results of the election as significant and a sign of renewed interest by a sector of the population.[32] In May 2012, Binner became the Socialist Party's president.[33]
For the 2015 general election, the PS entered in coalition with other centre-left and left-wing parties to form the Progresistas (Progressives) front, which endorsed Margarita Stolbizer for the presidency. Stolbizer landed 5th in the election with just over 2.5% of the vote, failing to pass the threshold for the run-off. During the same elections, Socialist Miguel Lifschitz was elected Governor of Santa Fe, succeeding Antonio Bonfatti (also of the PS).
In April 2016, Bonfatti was chosen to succeed Binner as national president of the party.[34] Following the 2017 legislative election, the party was left with a single national deputy, Luis Contigiani, and no representatives in the Senate. In 2018, Contigiani left the Socialist Party's bloc in the Chamber of Deputies after being criticized by his party for refusing to vote in favor of a bill that would legalize abortion in the country.[35][36]
In the 2019 general election, PS didn't elect any deputies; however, Socialist politician Enrique Estévez was elected to the Chamber of Deputies on the list of the Progressive, Civic and Social Front, and thus the Socialist Party regained its representation in the Congress.[37][38]
In 2021, former intendente (mayor) of Rosario, Mónica Fein, was elected president of the Socialist Party.[1]
Z is a 1969 political thriller film directed by Costa-Gavras, from a screenplay he co-wrote with Jorge Semprún, adapted from the 1967 novel by Vassilis Vassilikos. The film presents a thinly fictionalized account of the events surrounding the assassination of democratic Greek politician Grigoris Lambrakis in 1963. With its dark view of Greek politics and its downbeat ending, the film captures the director's outrage about the junta that then ruled Greece. The title refers to a popular Greek protest slogan (Greek: Ζει, IPA: [ˈzi]) meaning "he lives," in reference to Lambrakis.
A French and Algerian co-production,[2] the film stars Jean-Louis Trintignant as the investigating magistrate, an analogue of Christos Sartzetakis, who would become the President of Greece from 1985 to 1990. International stars Yves Montand and Irene Papas also appear, but despite their star billing, they have very little screen time. Jacques Perrin, who also produced the film, plays a key role as a photojournalist. Other actors in the film include Pierre Dux, Charles Denner, François Périer, Georges Géret and Bernard Fresson. The musical score was composed by Mikis Theodorakis.
Z was the first film and one of only a handful to be nominated by the Academy Awards for both Best Picture and Best Foreign Language Film. It won the latter as well as the Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival, the BAFTA Award for Best Film Music and the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Film. At the 27th Golden Globe Awards, its producers refused the award to protest the film's exclusion from the Best Motion Picture – Drama category.[5]
The film centers on the right-wing, military-dominated government of an unnamed Mediterranean state (based on Greece). The story begins with the closing moments of a rather dull government lecture on agricultural policy until the leader of the security police takes over the podium for an impassioned speech describing the government's program to combat leftism by using the metaphors "a mildew of the mind", an infiltration of "isms" and "sunspots".
The scene shifts to preparations for a political rally of the opposition faction in which the left-leaning, pacifist deputy is to give a speech advocating nuclear disarmament. There have been attempts by the government to prevent the speech from being delivered. The venue has been changed to a much smaller hall, logistical problems have appeared out of nowhere and the people handing out leaflets about the change of venue are attacked by thugs under the command of the police. On his way to the venue, the deputy is hit on the head by one of the right-wing anticommunist protestors, some of whom are sponsored by the government, but carries on with his sharp speech. As the deputy crosses the street from the hall after giving his speech, a delivery truck speeds past him, and a man on the open truck bed strikes him down with a club. The injury eventually proves fatal, and the police manipulate witnesses to force the conclusion that the deputy was simply run over by a drunk driver.
However, the police do not control the hospital, where the autopsy disproves their interpretation. The examining magistrate, with the assistance of a photojournalist, now uncovers sufficient evidence to indict not only the two right-wing militants who committed the murder but also four high-ranking military police officers. The action of the film concludes with one of the deputy's associates rushing to see his widow to give her the surprising news of the officers' indictments. The widow looks distressed and appears not to believe things will change for the better.
An epilogue provides a synopsis of the subsequent turns of events. Instead of justice being served, the prosecutor is mysteriously removed from the case, several key witnesses die under suspicious circumstances, the assassins receive relatively short sentences, the officers receive only administrative reprimands, the deputy's close associates die or are deported and the photojournalist is sent to prison for disclosing official documents. The heads of the government resign after public disapproval, but before elections are carried out, a coup d'état occurs, and the military seize power. They ban modern art, popular music, avant-garde novelists, modern mathematics, classic and modern philosophers and the use of the term "Ζ" (Greek: zíta, or Greek: zi, which is used by protesters against the former government), which refers to the deputy and means "He lives."
The 1963 murder of Greek politician and physician Grigoris Lambrakis and subsequent military junta in power from 1967–1973 served as the basis for the story.[6] Among Costa-Gavras' references to the actual events was the frequency with which the military compared ideologies to diseases, seen when the General compares -isms to mildew.[7] The Magistrate was based on real-life Greek jurist Christos Sartzetakis.[8] Costa-Gavras opted to show the Deputy had adulteries and conflicts with his wife to demonstrate he was simply a man.[7]
Costa-Gavras was also motivated by the suspicious disappearance of Mehdi Ben Barka in 1965. Some American viewers infer parallels between the film and the assassination of John F. Kennedy, particularly given how some stylistic elements seem to mimic the Zapruder film. That said, Costa-Gavras has stated that the Zapruder film had not been widely circulated in Europe at the time and that Kennedy's assassination did not influence the production.[9]
Principal photography took place in Algiers at actor Jacques Perrin's suggestion, which the filmmakers approved for its Mediterranean environment and because the Ministry of Culture was accommodating.[7] In Algiers, the Hotel St. Georges and the central square were filming locations, while Paris' Théâtre des Champs-Élysées was used for the ballet scenes.[7] Marcel Bozzuffi performed his own stunts wrestling on the "Kamikaze" vehicle due to the production's lack of budget for professional stunt performers.[7]
Costa-Gavras chose Z as the title of the film based on its common occurrence in Greek graffiti for "He lives" (or even "Lambrakis you live; it’s you who guides us!" [Λαμπράκη ζεις, εσύ μας οδηγείς!; Lambráki zis, esý mas odigís!]); Costa-Gavras acknowledged a one-letter film title was unconventional and said Yves Montand expressed concern it would be confused with Zorro, but Costa-Gavras said the novelty of the idea won him over.[7]
The soundtrack by Mikis Theodorakis was a hit record. The Greek junta had placed the composer under house arrest but he was able to give his approval to Costa-Gavras for the use of existing musical pieces.
The film features, but does not credit, Pierre Henry's contemporary hit song "Psyché Rock". The soundtrack as released on LP and CD replaces Henry's song with a similar track written by Theodorakis titled "Café Rock."
"The Smiling Youth" and "Who's Not Talking About Easter" were among the poems adapted from Brendan Behan's play The Hostage by Theodorakis in 1962. By referring to the Irish struggle against British rule rather than Greek realities, the poems offered a way to circumvent censorship in Greece and condemn Greece's post-war right-wing establishment. "The Smiling Youth" (το γελαστό παιδί) was also one of the nicknames of Lambrakis.
Z was picked up for U.S. distribution by the specialty company/New York City theatre chain Cinema 5.[10]
Prints of the film were acquired by the Black Panther Party and shown at underground screenings.[9] An advance copy of the film was shown at the United Front Against Fascism conference in 1969.[11]
It first aired on American television on ABC on 18 March 1974.[12]
At the time of release, Chicago Sun-Times film critic Roger Ebert, who named Z the best film of 1969, liked the screenplay and its message, and wrote, "[Z] is a film of our time. It is about how even moral victories are corrupted. It will make you weep and will make you angry. It will tear your guts out...When the Army junta staged its coup in 1967, the right-wing generals and the police chief were cleared of all charges and 'rehabilitated.' Those responsible for unmasking the assassination now became political criminals. These would seem to be completely political events, but the young director Costa-Gavras has told them in a style that is almost unbearably exciting. Z is at the same time a political cry of rage and a brilliant suspense thriller. It even ends in a chase: Not through the streets but through a maze of facts, alibis and official corruption."[13]
In 2006, critic James Berardinelli wrote, "Z was the third feature film from Greek-born Costa-Gavras, but it is the movie that captured him to the world's attention, winning a Best Foreign Language Film Oscar. It introduced the director's signature approach of combining overt political messages with edge-of-the-seat tension."[14] Jonathan Richards wrote in 2009, "It's hard to overstate the impact that this Oscar-winning procedural thriller had in 1969, on a world roiling in political activism, repression, and discord. In the U.S., the Vietnam War was on the front burner, the populace was passionately engaged, and the police riots outside the '68 Chicago Democratic Convention and the murder of Black Panther Fred Hampton were raw wounds. With this stylish, intense indictment of the assassination of a leftist political leader by a right-wing government cabal in his native Greece, director Costa-Gavras struck a nerve that resonated here and around the globe."[15]
In 2009, Armond White praised the film and wrote: "Ending with a provocative, unorthodox tally of fascist clampdowns on freedom of expression and the arts, Costa-Gavras angles his exposé with a frightening coda that encapsulates the on-going political struggle. He avoids hippie optimism and foresees contemporary cynicism with a basic thriller device: a warning. Z carries the reverberations of that cultural shift from enlightenment to paranoia in each of its shrewdly devised tropes from common genres. Costa-Gavras expresses the tension and terror of political conspiracy that haunted the democratic and anti-war movements of the sixties—and still does."[16]
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a 94% "fresh" score based on 47 reviews, with an average rating of 8.2/10. The site's consensus states: "Powerfully effective, this anti-fascist political thriller stands out as both high-conscience melodrama and high-tempo action movie."[17]
The film was voted in Time's list of "The 15 Best Political Films of All Time."[18]
The film was selected to be screened in the Cannes Classics section of the 2015 Cannes Film Festival.[19]
The film had a total of 3,952,913 admissions in France and was the 4th highest-grossing film of the year.[20] It was also very popular in the United States grossing $17.3 million,[4] being one of the top five highest-grossing non-English language films.[21]
Z was the second foreign-language film in Academy history to receive a nomination for Best Picture, after Grand Illusion.[22]
Filmmakers Paul Greengrass and Aki Kaurismäki listed the film in their top 10 films of all time for the 2012 Sight and Sound poll[30] and other films directors such as Michael Haneke, Paul Schrader and John Woo have listed it as one of their favorite films.[31]
The French filmmaker Mathieu Kassovitz listed the film as influential to his work.[32]
The French filmmaker Rachid Bouchareb listed Z as an influence on his film Outside the Law.[33]
It is regarded as one of American filmmaker Oliver Stone's favorite films that inspired his filmmaking.[34][35][36] John Milius also cited the film as an influence.[37]
The American filmmaker Steven Soderbergh listed Z as an inspiration on his film Traffic and stated that he "wanted to make it like [Costa-Gavras]'s Z".[38][39][40][41]
The American filmmaker William Friedkin listed Z as one of his favorite films and mentioned the film's influence on him when directing his film The French Connection: "After I saw Z, I realized how I could shoot The French Connection. Because he [Costa-Gavras] shot Z like a documentary. It was a fiction film but it was made like it was actually happening. Like the camera didn't know what was gonna happen next. And that is an induced technique. It looks like he happened upon the scene and captured what was going on as you do in a documentary. My first films were documentaries too. So I understood what he was doing but I never thought you could do that in a feature at that time until I saw Z."[42] As an homage, Friedkin cast actor Marcel Bozzuffi in a similar role.[43]
The American actor and filmmaker Ben Affleck listed the film as an influence for his film Argo.[44]Tunkás is a town and the municipal seat of the Tunkás Municipality, Yucatán in Mexico. As of 2010, the town has a population of 2,828.[1]

This article about a location in the state of Mexico is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Augustus of Saxe-Weissenfels (13 August 1614 in Dresden – 4 June 1680 in Halle), was a Duke of Saxe-Weissenfels-Querfurt of the House of Wettin and administrator of the Archbishopric of Magdeburg.
He was the fourth (but second surviving) son of John George I, Elector of Saxony, and his second wife, Magdalene Sibylle of Prussia.
On 23 January 1628, at the age of 13, August was appointed administrator of the Archbishopric of Magdeburg by its Chapter to replace the current holder of that title, Christian Wilhelm of Brandenburg. By that time, August had already served three years as coadjutor. Nevertheless, he could not assume his post: on 20 May 1631, after seven months of siege and plundering during the Sack of Magdeburg, the city was taken by the Imperial troops; the Catholic competitor for the diocese, Archduke Leopold Wilhelm of Austria, assumed the title of archbishop and administrator of Magdeburg. The Peace of Prague (1635) confirmed his rule over the city, but three years later, Swedish troops expelled the Habsburg army and restored August as administrator as of 19 October 1638. August finally took full control of Magdeburg on 31 December 1642 after a neutrality treaty was concluded with the Swedish general Lennart Torstenson.  He was then able to begin the reconstruction of the city.
In 1643 August was accepted into the Fruitbearing Society at the behest of Louis I, Prince of Anhalt-Köthen.
In his will of 20 July 1652, Elector John George I ordered a division of the Albertine territories that was carried out on 22 April 1657 in Dresden. August inherited the towns of Weißenfels and Querfurt and became their first duke.
August also increased his incomes by taking over the administration of the County of Barby during the minority of Count August Ludwig.  On 17 October 1659, however, the young count died shortly before attaining his majority. With him, the line of Barby became extinct. A dispute over his lands was resolved in favor of August seven years later (1666). In his will, the duke left Barby to his son Heinrich.
On 25 July 1660, August laid the first stone for his official residence, Schloss Neu-Augustusburg in Weissenfels. This castle was built in the same place as the old one, which had been devastated by Swedish troops. The duke died before the castle was finished.
On 15 July 1667, the sons of the late Duke Wilhelm of Saxe-Weimar offered August the presidency of the Fruitbearing Society. He accepted the office with its responsibility for fostering the work of artists and scientists. His activities as a patron left considerable debts for his descendants to deal with.
In Schwerin on 23 November 1647 August married Anna Maria of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. They had twelve children:
In Halle on 29 January 1672, two years after the death of his first wife, August married Countess Johanna Walpurgis of Leiningen-Westerburg.  They had three sons:
Andre is a 1994 American comedy-drama film directed by George T. Miller and starring Tina Majorino about a child's encounter with a sea lion. It is an adaptation of the book A Seal Called Andre, which in turn was based on a true story. It was shot in Vancouver and Mississippi.
In 1962 in Rockport, Maine, a seal drowns in a fishing net cast by financially struggling fisherman Billy Baker, much to his fury. He and the other local fishermen discuss shooting the seals as a way to improve their flagging fishing season. Toni Whitney, a seven-year-old girl, and her family subsequently adopt the seal's orphaned newborn pup, naming it Andre. The vet doesn't hold out much hope, but Toni incites him to survive, with the promise that she will be his best friend forever, and that she will always take care of him. After several failed attempts to get him to take a bottle, Toni's father, Harry, the harbor master, constructs an "artificial mother" for him out of wetsuit material, a bucket, and two feeding bottles, which he finally accepts, ensuring his survival.
As Andre grows up, Toni forms an inseparable bond with him, even taking him to school for show and tell, with the help of Harry and the permission of her teacher. He becomes attached to the Whitneys, and especially to Toni. He lives in the harbor, learns tricks, and attracts a huge local following of fans. The irony of his success as an entertainer further angers Billy, who becomes increasingly jealous of Andre's and the Whitneys' success and esteem within the village. Relations between Harry and Billy deteriorate rapidly. Meanwhile, Billy's son, Mark, and Toni's sister, Paula, become romantically involved, increasing tension between Paula and Harry over Andre. Mark and Billy have a strained relationship as it is. Under pressure from his family and the locals, Harry reluctantly makes the decision to release Andre into the wild once he is weaned, but reconsiders and does not go through with it when he encounters the body of a seal covered in bullet holes at the place where he had planned to release him.
In his first winter, Andre escapes the confines of the barn, and the water home that Harry built for him when the harbor froze over. He cuts himself badly, leaving a trail of blood which the Whitneys discover upon realizing that he is missing, and remains gone for the winter. However, he returns in spring, physically weak but unchanged in character, and recovers quickly from his ordeal.
As Andre gets older, he continues to be scapegoat for the local fishermen, and for Paula, as he takes up more and more of Harry's time and affections. He misses her performance (which he told her he would not miss for the world) in the local Miss Liberty beauty pageant, because he has to protect Andre from a drunken Billy, who is trying to kill him with a pitchfork. Harry's relations with his son, Steve, fade into the background as he comes down harshly on him for minor transgressions, and fails to keep up with what is going on in his life. When Paula and Mark are discovered smoking in the shed when Andre exits it in a fit of coughing, Harry permanently bans Mark's presence on the Whitneys' grounds, and cutting off their relationship after grounding Paula. Furious about this, she decides to leave home, raging that Harry doesn't care about her, and that she hates him, to the anger and deep concern of her mother, Thalice. Mark tells her he knows a way to make Andre go away so that he'll never come back.
Harry's job also suffers. He fails to call meetings, never checks moorings, and his relations with the fishermen become ever more strained. He also attracts the ongoing attention of the federal government, who send their inspector, Jack Adams, to inform him that he is violating the law by keeping a wild animal in captivity, as a pet. He insists that Andre is there by his own choice, but that it's too dangerous in the wild during winter. Jack pays two visits to the Whitneys' home, increasingly emphatic that Harry faces court and even jail if he does not give Andre up. However, Andre is teaching him about the intelligence and abilities of seals, and despite the risks, he is determined that nothing will put an end to this learning curve. At one point Andre saves his life when he is underwater checking a mooring, which turns out to be entangled in an active explosive.
Eventually, Thalice manages to impress upon Harry the high cost of continuing his relations with Andre in the setup that they have, and he agrees to call Jack, so that he can relocate Andre to the aquarium in Boston, where he will be safe, cared for, and have plenty of company. However, before he can tell Toni, the telephone rings, and she goes down to the harbor. There she discovers that Paula and Mark have taken Andre, commandeered a boat, and are heading out to sea as dark clouds gather. Steve is charged with keeping an eye on Toni while their parents investigate, but he is engrossed in a TV program, and does not notice her slip out and launch the dinghy onto an increasingly choppy sea.
On their boat, Mark attempts to shoot Andre, reasoning that he is a problem for the fishermen, but Paula finally realizes that she cares about Andre and doesn't want him to be harmed. She tries to stop Mark from shooting him, but the gun fires. Andre jumps overboard, but Paula, not seeing this, assumes his body has fallen in. Very upset and angry at Mark, she demands to be taken home. Harry and Thalice, having been informed by Toni that Paula and Mark had taken Andre, meet them on the shore. Steve, in a panic, arrives and tells Thalice that Toni has disappeared, as has the dinghy. She calls the coast guard, as the rain starts to fall, and visibility begins to deteriorate.
Out at sea, Toni is struggling to maintain control of the dinghy in the face of the storm and a strong outward tide-rush. The dinghy is being tossed on huge waves, in opaque rain, and is heading towards some jagged rocks. She loses both oars, and, panicking, calls out for help.  Andre, who turns out to be unharmed, swims to her rescue, pulling her away from the rocks by the dinghy's mooring rope. He then alerts Billy and Harry in their boat, leading them to Toni's location. Before she can be rescued, a large wave capsizes the dinghy. Mark, who came with Billy and Harry, jumps overboard, swims out to her, and Billy throws them both a lifebelt, pulling them to safety.  Billy tells Mark that he is proud of him, while Harry comforts Toni in the back of the boat, and Andre swims away, exultant at her safety.
Once back on shore, Toni is distraught to find Jack levering a caged Andre onto a transport vehicle. Harry explains to her that Andre is going to live in the aquarium in Boston, where he will be safe and cared for in ways they can't. Annie Potts, an aquarium worker, tells Toni they will take good care of him, that they will love having him there, and that she will get to visit him whenever she wants. She reluctantly accepts the notion, and tells Andre that she loves him and will visit him all the time.
As summer comes around, Billy and Mark's relationship improves. Harry repairs relations with his family, and having been offered a research job in marine mammal protection, steps down as harbor master, nominating Billy to take his place. Toni comes to the realization that Andre would be happier in the wild, being a wild animal, and he is subsequently released. The Whitneys do not expect to see him again, and Toni wonders if he is making new friends with the wild seals. Multiple alleged sightings of Andre are reported, until a friend of the Whitneys spots him nearby, and informs them that he is on his way. The entire town of Rockport flocks to the harbor to watch him returning home to his family. The film ends with an adult Toni narrating that his life became legend after he made his first trip home, that he spent every winter at the aquarium, and every spring he was released to swim home to Rockport. She narrates that by the time he was twenty-four years old he could hardly see, but still made his final trip home, and that in all her past and future, she'll never have a better friend than him.
The film is based on the book A Seal Called Andre, co-written by the seal's owner, Harry Goodridge, and Lew Dietz, which describes the true story of Andre.[1]
The location, approximate dates, first names, ages and occupations of the real family members are all preserved, although two of the Goodridge children, Carol and Susan, are not depicted in the film.  Andre really did perform tricks for people down at the harbour, becoming a celebrity.  He was free to come and go from the home to the sea as he pleased, though he had a floating pound and an old bathtub in the family's barn.  Billy Baker is a composite character, drawing together a minority of fishermen who used seals as scapegoats for poor catches.  The book tells of one such fisherman, named only as he within the text, who became angry with Andre, and who wanted to shoot him, but was quickly talked out of it.  Andre really was nursed with an "artificial mother", of the kind depicted in the film, and he did go missing in his first winter, returning in the spring.  The storm scene appears to have been added for cinematic and plot reasons, as do many of the subplots and supporting characters.  The case really was investigated by the federals in conjunction with a law which prohibited the keeping of wild animals - but this happened later in Andre's life than the film depicts, and the case was quickly dropped on the grounds that Andre had been kept before the law came into play; that is, it was demonstrably his own intention to come home and to remain with the family.
During the closing credits, shots from original 16mm films of the real Andre are shown. He, who spent every winter in the New England Aquarium in Boston, entertained tourists in Rockport every summer, having swum up there upon his release each spring, until his death in the spring of 1986.[2][3]
In the film, Andre is not played by an actual seal, but rather by a sea lion named Tory. Two others named Kalika and PJ were also featured in it.
It features the Vancouver Aquarium in Stanley Park.
The theme song from the film "Thanks to You", sung by Tyler Collins, was a top 20 hit on the Billboard Adult Contemporary charts upon its release.
Rotten Tomatoes gives Andre a 43% approval rating with an average rating of 5.6/10, based on 21 reviews.[4]
The film debuted at No. 10.[5]
Original Motion Picture Score. All tracks composed by Bruce Rowland
The film includes Thanks to You by Tyler Collins.
The Canary Effect is a 2006 documentary film that looks into the effects that the United States and its policies have on the Indigenous peoples (Native Americans) who are residents. It premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival[1] and won the Stanley Kubrick Award at the 2006 Traverse City Film Festival.[2]
The movie was directed by Robin Davey and Yellow Thunder Woman, who are both members of LA Based alternative pop group The Bastard Fairies. The film's soundtrack was composed by guitarist Paul Pesco.[3] The documentary was released on DVD in 2008.
The documentary details several United States programs that have negative impacted the Native American population. It argues that several of the United States' actions against Native Americans, including the Sand Creek Massacre and the 1970 Family Planning  Act, meet the United Nation's definition of genocide.[4]
Additionally, the film also describes the numerous issues on Native American reservations. The documentary contends that several incidents on these reservations, including a suicide pact by 10 boys on the Cheyenne River Indian Reservation and the Red Lake Shootings, have been ignored by national media and the federal government.[4]
The film features an interview with American Indian Movement leader Ward Churchill.[1][5] The documentary's title comes from a quote by lawyer Felix Cohen:
Like the miner’s canary, the Indian marks the shift from fresh air to poison gas in our political atmosphere, and our treatment of the Indians, even more than our treatment of other minorities, reflects the rise and fall of our democratic faith.[4]

This article about a political documentary film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."What Are You Looking For" is the third single released from Sick Puppies' 2007 album Dressed Up as Life.
To follow up the band's phenomenal Free Hugs Campaign YouTube success with their song All the Same, in the Summer of 2008, the band held a YouTube video contest among fans around the world to select the official video for What Are You Looking For.

This 2000s rock song-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Guillermo Sucre Figarella (15 May 1933 – 22 July 2021[1]), was a Venezuelan poet and literary critic born in Tumeremo in the state of Bolivar. He was also a member of the Sucre family like his uncle Jose Antonio Ramos Sucre and his older brothers General Juan Manuel Sucre Figarella, and Senator Leopoldo Sucre Figarella.
He translated into Spanish the works of André Breton, Saint-John Perse, William Carlos Williams, and Wallace Stevens.
In 1957 he founded the literary journal Sardío and an associated literary group. He began teaching at the Universidad Central de Venezuela in that same year. From 1968 till 1975 he lived in the United States, where he lectured at the University of Pittsburgh and became a member of Pitt's Instituto Internacional de Literatura Iberoamericana. Upon his return to Venezuela he taught at the Universidad Simón Bolívar and became literary director of the publishing house Monte Ávila Editores.
He won the National Prize for Literature in 1976 for his essay La máscara, la transparencia.
K. G. Engineering Institute (K.G.E.I.) established in 1922, is a government polytechnic institute located in the city of Bishnupur, Bankura district, West Bengal, India.[1] It is affiliated to the West Bengal State Council of Technical Education (WBSCTE), approved by All India Council For Technical Education (AICTE), and provides diploma-level technical education to its students. It is controlled by the Department of Technical Education, Training & Skill Development, Government of West Bengal. It is one of the oldest polytechnics in West Bengal and one of the oldest technical institutes in India.
The institute has undergone several name changes since its establishment in 1922. Established as Vishnupur Industrial School in 1922 for the upliftment of cottage industries in Bankura. In 1929 the name was changed to Technical School. The name was again changed in 1940 during the second world war as War Technicians Training Institute. Later in 1951 in honour of its founder Shri Krishna Gopal Ghosh (S.D.O. of Bishnupur, 1922), the institute was renamed as K.G.E.I.
The institute was initially established as an industrial training school with the introduction of crafts like Weaving, Dyeing, Carpentry. It started functioning as a Technical School in 1929  with four trades that included Welding, Black Smithy, Fitter Training, and Bell metal works. From a small industrial training school, it has grown up to a full-fledged sponsored polytechnic in the year 1949 after independence. The institute was divided into two branches one was a Govt. sponsored polytechnic named after K.G. Ghosh, the founder of Vishnupur Industrial School which had courses on Draftsmanship (2 years course), and Licentiate in Civil Engineering (3 years course). The other was the mother industrial school with courses of Weaving and Carpentry. The Government of West Bengal took it over as a Government Polytechnic in the year 1976. In the year 1981 several diploma courses were introduced Viz. Diploma in Civil, Electrical, Mechanical. Several other departments were created subsequently over the years, the last among them being that of Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering and Computer Science & Technology in 1995.
K.G.E.I. is situated at the heart of Bishnupur (the City of Temple), about 150 km from Kolkata and 34 km away from Bankura district town. The campus is located 4 km away from Bihsnupur railway station and about 100 km from Kazi Nazrul Islam Airport. The total area of the institute campus is about 19 acres which accommodate not only the main building for classrooms, workshops, labs, library but also a playground, a 900 seating capacity auditorium, and four hostels out of which one is a well-protected girl’s hostel.
The institute is running with a separate wing for community services under the banner of “Community Development through Polytechnic” which is sponsored and financed by MHRD, Govt. of India. It acts as the main centre with 8 more extension centres in the district.
Diploma programs to the various engineering disciplines (3-year Diploma programs) are granted via JEXPO, for lateral entry diploma programs admission is through VOCLET. Both the exams are conducted by the West Bengal State Council of Technical Education and admission is granted as per the merit list.
The training cum placement cell is headed by a Training & Placement Officer. Contacts are made to many leading industries and campus interviews are held every year.
The institute's library occupies 284.025 m2 and houses 20,158 books. The students can issue trade-wise two textbooks for a period of 28 days without a fine. The library has also plenty of seating capacity for reading inside.
K.G.E.I. provides on-campus residential facilities to its students, faculty members, and many of its staff.
Faith Smith is a Native American activist and educator. Her career included work at Chicago's American Indian Center, with the Native American Committee, and most notably as the president of the Native American Educational Services College from 1974 to 2004.[1]
Smith spent her early childhood on the Lac Courte Oreilles Ojibwe reservation in Wisconsin.[2] She attended the Kinnamon School there.[3] Her family relocated to Chicago,[2] and she later attended and graduated from Purdue University in 1966.[4] She commented that "because of affirmative action, colleges were vacuuming Indian communities across the country, finding the brightest Indians, but after college, a lot of them couldn't make the transition back home. They had changed. Their communities had changed."[2]
In the mid-1960s, Smith became involved with the National Indian Youth Council, the first independent Native American student organization. After graduating from Purdue University, she began working at the Chicago American Indian Center (AIC) as a caseworker.[2] In a 1991 interview, Smith said that she and others at the AIC felt the organization should focus on the alleviation of "poverty and the problems of Indians on the streets," but that there was also "a strong contingent of people who felt that the center ought to be more of a middle-classy sort of thing, a social center or that sort of stuff."[4] In the late 1960s, Smith and others formed the Native American Committee (NAC) within the AIC to pursue more activist goals and a more comprehensive educational vision, the NAC incorporating as an independent body in 1970.[5] Member Helen Whitehead (Ho-Chunk-Ojibwe) described NAC: "Our main thrust is to start at the time they're very young and to build a positive self-image."[6]
Smith was an assistant to Robert Reitz, an anthropologist and long-time director of AIC, when Reitz died unexpectedly in 1971. Smith was appointed interim director. In August of that year, the AIC board of directors voted to dismiss Smith for "insubordination and questionable banking practices." Smith's supporters responded by convening a meeting of the full AIC membership, which both reinstated Smith and replaced numerous members of the board of the directors.[6]
That same year, NAC founded in collaboration with Chicago Public Schools the Little Big Horn School to address the needs of Native American high school students, and then in 1973 the O-Wai-Ya-Wa Elementary School program. In 1974, Smith and NAC founded and Smith became the president of the Native American Educational Services College (NAES College), the first urban institution of higher learning managed by and serving Native Americans.[1][5] Smith served as president of the college until 2004, when she resigned and was replaced by Dorene Wiese.[7]Nance–Horan syndrome, also known as X-linked congenital cataracts and microcornea, X-linked cataract–dental syndrome, cataracts-oto-dental syndrome, cataract–dental syndrome, and mesiodens–cataract syndrome, is a rare X-linked syndrome characterized by eye and teeth abnormalities, intellectual disability, and facial deformities.[1][2]
The main ocular sign of Nance–Horan syndrome is a congenital nuclear cataract which results in reduced visual acuity. Other ocular features include microphthalmia, microcornea, strabismus, and nystagmus. Dental features include tapered premolar/molar cusps, supernumerary teeth, screwdriver-shaped incisors, and diastema. Abnormal facial features include anteverted pinnae, prominent and bulbous nose, and long narrow face. 30% of males with Nance–Horan syndrome have intellectual disabilities. Carrier females exhibit less severe clinical symptoms, including lens opacities at the posterior Y-sutures with minimal or no loss of vision, modest face dysmorphism, and dental abnormalities.[2]
This syndrome is caused by mutations in the Nance Horan gene (NHS) which is located on the short arm of the X chromosome (Xp22.13).[3]
There is no known cure for this syndrome. Patients usually need ophthalmic surgery and may also need dental surgery. Genetic counseling and screening of the mother's relatives is recommended.[citation needed]
This syndrome was first described by Margaret B. Horan and Walter Elmore Nance in 1974.[4][5]
USS Fessenden (DE-142/DER-142) was an Edsall-class destroyer escort built for the U.S. Navy during World War II. She served in the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean and provided destroyer escort protection against submarine and air attack for Navy vessels and convoys.
She was named in honor of Reginald Aubrey Fessenden, born in Brome County, Quebec, Canada, 6 October 1866.  He served as head chemist with Thomas Edison's East Orange, New Jersey, laboratories. In 1890 he began concentrating on electrical engineering, and through the next years made many important inventions and improvements in existing devices. His great contributions in the field of radio (particularly the invention of radio-telephony were of marked benefit not only to the Navy but to all seamen. He died 22 July 1932, at his home on Bermuda.
Fessenden (DE-142) was launched 9 March 1943 by Consolidated Steel Corp., Orange, Texas; sponsored by Mrs. R. K. Fessenden, daughter-in-law of Professor Fessenden; and commissioned 25 August 1943. She was reclassified DER-142 on 1 October 1951.
After a period at Norfolk, Virginia, as training ship for crews for escorts soon to be commissioned, Fessenden carried out an escort mission to the Panama Canal Zone, returning to Norfolk 5 November 1943. Between 23 November and 18 March 1944, she escorted convoys on two voyages to Casablanca, then on 3 April sailed again to guard a convoy to Bizerte. Off Bone 20 April the convoy came under heavy air attack, one guardian destroyer being sunk, and on the homeward bound passage, the convoy screen lost two more destroyers to submarine attack. Fessenden returned safely to New York 21 May.
She sailed from Norfolk next on 12 June 1944, and escorted a convoy as far as Gibraltar, where she was detached to escort two captured Italian submarines to Bermuda. One developed engine trouble 2 July and was ordered back to Gibraltar, but Fessenden reached Bermuda with the other 16 July. Returning to New York 22 July, she was briefly overhauled, then sailed out of New London, Connecticut, training submarines from 3 August to 2 September. Next came special training off Maine, and her return to Norfolk to join the hunter-killer group formed around USS Mission Bay (CVE-59).
Operating with this group south of the Cape Verde Islands on 30 September 1944, Fessenden and two other ships investigated a contact, making a depth charge attack late in the afternoon, sinking U-1062 in 11°36′N 34°44′W﻿ / ﻿11.600°N 34.733°W﻿ / 11.600; -34.733. The group continued its antisubmarine patrols in the South Atlantic refueling at Dakar, French West Africa, Bahia and Recife, Brazil, and Cape Town, South Africa. Fessenden returned to New York 26 November, joined in training exercises in Long Island Sound, then off Guantánamo Bay, until 19 January 1945 when she reported to Miami, Florida, to serve as school ship for the Naval Training Center for a month.
She returned to Guantanamo 12 February 1945 to rejoin the Mission Bay group as it provided air cover for a convoy northeast of Bermuda carrying President F. D. Roosevelt home from the Yalta Conference. After brief overhaul at New York, she sailed north to Argentia, Newfoundland, with her hunter-killer group to work with similar task organizations in setting up a barrier patrol in the North Atlantic, to prevent German submarines from approaching the United States during the last days of the European war.
Fessenden served at New London, Connecticut, and Quonset Point, Rhode Island, in May and June 1945, aiding in the training of submariners and aviators. On 28 June, she sailed from New York for training at Guantanamo Bay and Pearl Harbor en route to the Marshall Islands. On 17 September, her commanding officer became representative of the Majuro Atoll Commander for the Japanese Naval Garrison at Wotje, and Fessenden lay at Wotje to supervise its demilitarization and the evacuation of the Japanese until 4 December. She cleared Eniwetok 4 January 1946 for San Diego, California, New York City, and Green Cove Springs, Florida, where she was decommissioned and placed in reserve 24 June 1946.
Fessenden was converted for radar picket duty at Boston, Massachusetts, where she was recommissioned 4 March 1952. After antisubmarine training out of Key West, Florida, Fessenden returned to her home port, Newport, Rhode Island, 25 September 1952 to begin duty on the radar picket stations of the North Atlantic. She returned from her sea patrols only for necessary maintenance and refresher training. With her division, she sailed from Newport 15 July 1957 for Pearl Harbor, her home port for Pacific early warning radar picket duty from 18 August 1957 until 18 March 1960 when she left the Hawaiians for San Francisco, California.
On 30 June 1960, she was decommissioned and placed in reserve at Stockton, California. On 1 September 1966 she was struck from the Navy list.  She was sunk as target off Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, 20 December 1967.
Fessenden received two battle stars for World War II service.
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.The women's 80 metres hurdles  event at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games took place on 3 and 4 August. The final was won by Dutch athlete Fanny Blankers-Koen.[1]
Prior to the competition, the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
The following new Olympic record was set during this competition:
All times are British Summer Time (UTC+1)
Round 1 took place on 3 August. The fastest three runners in each heat advanced to the semifinals.
Semifinals took place on 3 August. The top three runners from each heat advanced to the final.
Key: Est = Time is an estimate, OR = Olympic record
Wind: 1.9 m/sDelmonas (or Dalmonas, plural delmonai) – is a detail of folk costume of women originated in Lithuania Minor. It is an elaborately decorated purse, visibly attached to the waist by a band. This costume feature represents the Prussian Lithuanians and is not common to other ethnographic regions of Lithuania. In 2019 Delmonai of Lithuania Minor were inscribed into The Intangible Cultural Heritage Inventory of Lithuania as a form of folk art, traditional craftsmanship or agricultural activities.[1]
Delmonas was usually sewn from velvet, wool, silk or cotton. Traditionally the color of fabric was dark, and delmonas was embroided using colorful threads and glass beads. Embroidery usually depicted flowers or other plants, birds, and sometimes the initials of the owner.[2] Also some meaningful quotes, dates or initials, sometimes figurines could be embroided on a rectangle, rounded, flare, wavy bottom, trapezium, multiangular or other shape pocket. Delmonai were usually embroided by the women of Lithuania Minor themselves; however, they could also order delmonai from a tailor as well.[3]
Worn at the end of the 18th century – beginning of the 20th century – when region was a part of the Kingdom of Prussia – delmonai served a certain practical function. Women could store small items while doing house chores or use it as a pocket going outside. This practical feature was not hidden at first – dalmonai was the most decorated item of the costume. However, during various political turmoil women of Lithuania Minor started to wear dalmonai secretly. They would be hidden under the skirt and used to hide money, documents or letters, especially for women who were willing or forced to leave their homeland. Many of such women would pass delmonai to younger generations, who would then donate them for various museums of Lithuania.[4] Women of Klaipėda city reportedly continued to wear delmonai up to 1940s.[5] The popularity of delmonai was restored in the revival of folk costume in 1960s and 1970s. Being used as a sign of Lithuania Minor identity, delmonai are also used as a modern accessory, continuing the uninterrupted production in Klaipėda region.[6]Zimbalist, also Tsimbalist is a Slavic-language surname  used by the Jews that means "one who plays the cimbalom (traditional string instrument of Central and East Europe)". Notable people with the surname include
Patria Watch Co or simply Patria (French pronunciation: [pætˌriːˈʌ]), is a Swiss luxury watchmaker based in Bienne, Switzerland, founded in 1892 by Louis Brandt et Frère.[1] Patria manufactured military trench watches which were used extensively in The First World War between 1914 and 1918 and manufactured premium watches to this day in Switzerland.[2] Patria shares a common founder, Louis Brandt et Frère with Omega SA.
Patria began making watches again in the last decade, these watches being manufactured and produced in Switzerland,
Patria is considered a premium watch brand
In 1848 the watchmaker Louis Brandt, who was just 23 years old at the time, opened a factory for the production of key wound pocket watches in La Chaux-de-Fonds, Switzerland.[3] Following considerable success, he formed the company 'Louis Brandt & Fils' with his eldest son Louis Paul in 1877. Following Louis Brandt's death in 1879, his sons Louis Paul and César took over the family business, inspired by their father's passion for watchmaking.[4] In the same year, they moved the company headquarters to Bienne where it is still located to this day.[3] In 1885, the Brandt Brothers developed their first series-produced calibre, the "Labrador" which would give them commercial success and the means to register new brands and explore new markets.[4]
On October 10, 1892 Louis Brand & Fils, run by Louis Paul and César Brandt registered the name 'Patria' with the description, "Mouvements, boites, cadrans, ecrins et emballages de montres". Translated to English, this means "Movements, cases, dials, watch boxes and watch packaging.[1] The name 'Patria' is from the latin word for "Fatherland" or "Homeland", cognate with Ancient Greek πατριά (patriá, “generation, ancestry, descent, tribe, family”) and πατρίς (patrís, "place of one's ancestors").
The importance of wristwatches in battle had already been established following the First Boer War in 1880 and the Third Anglo-Burmese War in 1885. It wasn't until the Second Boer War in 1899 however, that watch companies including Patria began mass-producing purpose-built wristwatches for use in battle. The advantage of a wristwatch over a pocket watch was that the user only required one hand to operate it; a very valuable thing whilst holding a weapon. Prior to this change in cultural attitude, wristwatches were referred to as 'wristlets' and were normally only worn by women.[5]
At the beginning of the 20th Century, Patria began producing a wristwatch that would later be known as the Military Trench Watch. The Military Trench Watch featured a 36mm diameter case made from sterling silver or nickel silver and a white or black porcelain dial. It also featured large numerals filled with the radioactive substance, radium; a material that glows under low light, providing visibility at all times. The watch featured a nickel-plated in-house 13 ligne calibre, engraved 'Patria Watch Co, Swiss'.[2]
Patria manufactured ladies' watches in the early 1900s through to the 1930s, ranging from modest steel case construction to more extravagant silver and 18k gold pieces with decadent engravings and craftsmanship.[6]
When the First World War broke out in 1914, a tactic known as the creeping artillery barrage was frequently used. This involved artillery fire moving forward in stages just ahead of the advancing infantry and required perfect timing to avoid friendly fire.[7] As a result of this, a quarter of all soldiers were wearing wristwatches by 1916.[8] In 1917, the War Office began issuing wristwatches to all soldiers. A great number of the watches issued to the men fighting in the trenches were Patria trench watches.[9]Free Spirit Media is a film and media organization based in Chicago, Illinois. With locations across the city, they focus primarily on the West and South Sides. Their mission is to provide education, access, and opportunity in media production to over 500 underserved urban youth every year.[1]
Free Spirit Media currently comprises two programs: Free Spirit Labs, or their Teen Program, and Creative Pathways, formerly Industry Pathways. While each program focuses on underserved and underrepresented young people in Chicago, the programs teach or develop different forms of media literacy and media creation in distinct ways.[2]
Suspension stories is an initiative resulting from a collaboration between the Project NIA and the Rogers Park Young Women's Action Team [1] that collect stories about students involved with unfair Suspension and Expulsion[3] primarily through videos.[4] They have also filmed and gathered information from teachers and other school personnel.[5]

This United States media company article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Crime Victims' Rights Act, (CVRA) 18 U.S.C. § 3771, is part of the United States Justice for All Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-405, 118 Stat. 2260 (effective Oct. 30, 2004).[1] The CVRA enumerates the rights afforded to victims in federal criminal cases and victims of offenses committed in the District of Columbia. The Act grants victims the following eight rights:[2]
The Crime Victims' Rights Act was named for murder victims Scott Campbell, Stephanie Roper, Wendy Preston, Louarna Gillis, and Nila Lynn.[4]The American University Museum is located within the Katzen Arts Center at the American University in Washington, DC.
The American University Museum consists of a three-story, 30,000-square-foot (2,800 m2) museum and sculpture garden. The region’s largest university facility for exhibiting art, the museum’s permanent collection highlights the holdings of the Katzen and Watkins collections. Rotating exhibitions emphasize regional, national, and international contemporary art.
The Katzen Collection is a private collection donated to the university by Dr. Cyrus and Myrtle Katzen in 2005. The collection includes more than 300 paintings, prints, drawings, and sculptures, focusing on Pop Art, Washington art, and glass sculpture. It also contains three large bronze sculptures by Nancy Graves.[1]
The Watkins Collection included more than 4500 works of art, with an emphasis on art produced in the Washington area since the 1940s. The collection was created in 1945 as a memorial to C. Law Watkins, the former chair of the Department of Art at American University. Originally only 25 works, it has been augmented by later donations.[2]
The Corcoran Legacy Collection includes more than 9,000 works of art from the Corcoran Gallery of Art and includes works by Titian, Ansel Adams, Andy Warhol, Albrecht Dürer, Helen Frankenthaler and the Washington Color School.[3]
Jack Rasmussen, the museum's curator, focuses on rotating exhibitions that emphasize regional, national, international, and contemporary art and artists. The Museum's Kunsthalle style planning ensures constantly changing exhibitions on all three levels of the museum, often with highly relevant, political, and sometimes provocative programming that mirrors Washington, D.C. itself. Approximately 24 exhibitions are mounted annually across the museum's 44,000 square foot space.[4]
In 2006 the museum presented “Contemporary North Korean Art: The Evolution of Socialist Realism,” the first ever exhibition of North Korea political realism artwork ever showcased in the United States.[5] In 2017, the museum presented "Between Two Rounds of Fire, the Exile of the Sea", an Arab modernism exhibition in collaboration with the Barjeel Art Foundation on themes of war from eight different Arab countries and territories.[6]
Via the Alper Initiative for Washington Art,[7][8] the museum also focuses exhibitions on Washington, DC area artists, and is dedicated to preserving, presenting, and creating the art history of Washington through a book collection, database, events, and exhibitions.[7][8] The Alper Initiative for Washington Art was made possible through a major financial grant by American University alumna and art advocate Carolyn Small Alper.[9] In 2016 the initiative sponsored a widely acclaimed exhibition titled The Looking Glass: Artist Immigrants of Washington, which was curated by Rasmussen[10] to showcase the immigration stories, experiences, and views of ten Washington, DC area artists - all of whom were immigrants to the United States from Latin America.[5][11][12][13]
The Alper Initiative for Washington Art includes:[7][14]
38°56′21″N 77°05′13″W﻿ / ﻿38.9393°N 77.087°W﻿ / 38.9393; -77.087
The 2008–09 International Hockey League season was the 18th season of the International Hockey League (Colonial Hockey League before 1997, United Hockey League before 2007), a North American minor professional league. Six teams participated in the regular season and the Fort Wayne Komets won the league title.

Walter R. Peterson Jr.
Republican
Meldrim Thomson Jr.
Republican
The 1972 New Hampshire gubernatorial election was held on November 7, 1972.
Incumbent Republican Governor Walter R. Peterson Jr. was defeated for renomination in the Republican primary.
Republican nominee Meldrim Thomson Jr. defeated Democratic nominee Roger J. Crowley with 41.38% of the vote.
Primary elections were held on September 12, 1972.In Euclidean geometry, Moss's egg is an oval made by smoothly connecting four circular arcs. It can be constructed from a right isosceles triangle ABC with apex C.
To construct Moss's egg:[1][2][3]

This elementary geometry-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Radha Bhatt is an Indian actress who was born in Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand. She  played in The Lost Salesman of Delhi (2014), Take Care (2016) and Chal Jaa Bapu (2018)[1] and web series like The Family Man, Sunflower, and Physics Wallah.
Radha Bhatt was born in a small village near Udham Singh Nagar, Uttarakhand.[2]
After graduating from Hansraj College, she worked in the corporate sector while pursuing a master’s degree at Delhi College of Arts and Commerce.[2][3]
She worked at Ernst & Young for three years in a corporate role.[4] After clearing her NET exam, she joined Shri Ram College of Commerce as an assistant professor in its Commerce Department.[5][3] Her break into television came with the show Agar Tum Saath Ho, and later appeared in  Zindagi Ki Mehak. She had roles in the OTT space. She played   in The Family Man, She was also featured in Manikarnika. She gained significant recognition for her role as Mrs. Ahuja in the web series Sunflower,
In 2018, she married her Delhi-based boyfriend Rohan Puri.[6]Fleming's rules are a pair of visual mnemonics for determining the relative directions of magnetic field, electric current, and velocity of a conductor.[1]
There are two rules, one is Fleming's left-hand rule for motors which applies to situations where an electric current induces motion in the conductor in the presence of magnetic fields (Lorentz force).  For example, in electric motors. The purpose of the rule is to find the direction of motion in an electric motor.
The second is Fleming's right-hand rule for generators, which applies to situations where a conductor moving through a magnetic field has an electromotive force induced in it as a result (Faraday's law of induction). The purpose of the rule is to find the direction of induced current when a conductor moves in a magnetic field.

This electromagnetism-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.A time temperature indicator (TTI) is a device or smart label that shows the accumulated time-temperature history of a product.  Time temperature indicators are commonly used on food, pharmaceutical, and medical products to indicate exposure to excessive temperature (and time at temperature).[1]
In contrast, a temperature data logger measures and records the temperatures for a specified time period.  The digital data can be downloaded and analyzed.
The basic types of time-temperature indicators include:
Digital temperature data loggers are available to indicate the full temperature history of a shipment to help identify the time period that out-of-tolerance temperatures were encountered.  This temperature history can be used to calculate the loss of shelf life or the likelihood of spoilage.  These small recorders are also used to identify the time (and thus location) of a shipment when the problem occurred, which allows for corrective action.
There are a large number of different time temperature indicators available in the market, based on different technologies. To the degree that these physical changes in the indicator match the degradation rate of the food, the indicator can help indicate probable food degradation.[4]
Time-temperature indicators can be used on food products that are dependent on a controlled temperature environment.  Certain technologies can also be used for frozen food and the cold chain.
Meals, Ready-to-Eat (MREs) from the US military have included "Fresh-Check" TTIs on the cardboard boxes since 1997 to help estimate their shelf lives.[6]
Surveys within the European Union projects "Freshlabel" and "Chill-on" have shown positive feedback from consumers on the use of TTIs on food products.  As TTIs help assure the cold chain of food products, they are expected to reduce the amount of food waste,[7] as well as reducing the number of foodborne illnesses.[8]
The World Health Organization regulates the use of TTIs for certain medical products.  There is extensive regulation by the FDA on the use of TTIs on US seafood products.[9]
Gastrotheca bufona (common name: Antioquia marsupial frog) is a species of frog in the family Hemiphractidae. It is endemic to Colombia and known from the Cordillera Central and Cordillera Occidental in Antioquia and Caldas Departments, at elevations of 1,430–2,200 m (4,690–7,220 ft) asl.[3][4] The specific name bufona is derived from Spanish bufón, meaning a jester or clown, and refers to the frog's "gaudy" appearance.[2]
The holotype, an adult male, measured 55 mm (2.2 in) in snout–vent length. The upper eyelids bear characteristic "horns", triangular fleshy appendages. Also the heels have well-developed dermal appendages. Body is somewhat elongate. Skin of upper parts of the body is coarse and glandular.[2]
The natural habitat of Gastrotheca bufona is primary Andean cloud forest. It lives in the canopy. It is a rare species threatened by habitat loss caused by agriculture and logging.[1]
Trials of Mana[a] is a 2020 action role-playing game developed by Xeen and published by Square Enix for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Windows. A mobile port released the following year. An Xbox Series X/S port released in 2024. It is a 3D remake of the 1995 Super Famicom title of the same name, the third game in the Mana series, without the multiplayer mode from the original.[b] The story follows six possible protagonists in their respective quests, which lead them to obtain the Mana Sword and fight a world-ending threat. In gameplay, the player controls three out of six characters, navigating field environments, fighting enemies in real-time combat, and making use of character classes. New to the gameplay and storyline is a post-game chapter with an unlockable class.
The remake was conceived in 2017, during production of a remake for Secret of Mana (1993). Production of Trials of Mana was spurred on by Western demand, as the original game had not been localized. Originally a near-direct remake with plans for multiplayer as in the original, the team instead went for a 3D single-player experience which tweaked some aspects and added content while remaining faithful overall. The soundtrack by Hiroki Kikuta was arranged by a large team, with Kikuta supervising.
The remake was announced at E3 2019, with the localization requiring simultaneous translation into eight languages. Reception of the game on release was generally positive, with praise going to its redesigned combat and soundtrack, though many faulted its English dub and archaic elements. After release in April 2020, it sold beyond Square Enix's expectations, selling over one million copies worldwide by February 2021.
Trials of Mana is an action role-playing game in which the player controls a selection of three out of six protagonists; while each begins with their own narrative, they are drawn into a single quest to defeat the Benevodons and save the Mana Tree.[1] The game is a 3D remake of the 1995 Super Famicom title of the same name.[1][5] The overall narrative and basic gameplay principles remain the same, but redesigned for a navigable 3D overworld.[1] During exploration, the player can meet with other playable characters both before their recruitment and in various locations if they remain outside the party.[6] Upon meeting a selected playable character, the player has the option of either viewing an explanatory cutscene, or playing through that character's prologue.[4]
The chosen player characters navigate the overworld—split between town and country environments—and fight enemies in real-time combat.[4][7] During exploration, the player can find items, treasure chests and hidden areas; a common reward is lucre, the in-game currency.[7] The party fights using light and heavy melee attacks when within range, character-specific special skills unlocked through a distinct levelling system, tiered character class skills, and combined attacks between all three characters.[4][8][9] Fighting enemies is rewarded with experience points, which raise a character's health (HP) and magic (MP). It also earns Training Points, which are fed into specific attributes to unlock new skills. A new addition is the "Ability" system. Abilities are moves and passive buffs which can be unlocked through the Training system. Chain Abilities are passive abilities which can be used by any character once unlocked, while attack-based Class Abilities are automatically unlocked and applied upon changing class.[6]
During the game, the player finds various items, ranging from healing items to money and items that impact player or enemy statistics. Also found are Item Seeds, which can be planted in special pots in towns. There are different classes of Item Seed which produce better quality items, and a "Planter Level" which impacts the frequency of Item Seed drops and the quality of items.[6] Within the environment, a recurring series character called Li’l Cactus is hidden, with finding them in each location granting rewards to the party. Once the main story is completed, a post-game storyline with its own class is unlocked, and after this is completed players can select New Game+ to carry over their character level, common items, and some collectables into a new campaign.[10]
When originally released, the Super Famicom version of Trials of Mana was not localized outside of Japan, where it was released as Seiken Densetsu 3. Over the years, particularly following the 2017 release of the Collection of Mana compilation of the first three Mana titles in Japan, demand for a Western version increased. During production of the 3D remake of Secret of Mana, series producer Masaru Oyamada decided with the remake's producer Shinichi Tatsuki to bring the game overseas as a remake.[3] Production began in 2017. While the remake for Secret of Mana was fairly faithful to the original, Trials of Mana was designed to be more like a new game due to its previous lack of localization.[11] The remake was primarily developed by Xeen, who had worked with Square Enix in a supplementary role on Final Fantasy XV.[12] Production was supervised by the Mana series staff at Square Enix.[3] A large part of creating the remake was capturing the nostalgia of the original while innovating and adapting to the new design. The game was built using Unreal Engine 4.[13][14] The English title was decided in consultation with series creator Koichi Ishii; the title both referred to the trials of the protagonists, and the letters "tri" standing for the number 3.[3][11]
When designing Trials of Mana, the team took fan feedback from the Secret of Mana remake into account.[5] They approached development as if it were a new game.[15] An early prototype of the game was more faithful to the original, featuring a top-down view of environments. Dissatisfied with this, the team opted to redesign the game completely.[13][11] The battle system was recreated in basics, but the team added new elements such as strong and weak attacks, combos, jumping and dodging, the ability to change weapons, and other elements such as the class system.[3][16][11] The prototype battle system was similarly more faithful to the original, but "felt off" in practise.[17] The game's AI system was redesigned compared to the original, which received criticism.[15] While principally in 3D, the team included side-scrolling sections in homage to similar scenes in the original game.[17] Multiplayer, a feature from the original game, was considered for inclusion in the remake. After going through several concepts that incorporated online multiplayer, the team realised they were pulling the project in too many directions. Aiming to make a polished single-player experience, the team discarded their multiplayer plans.[11][18]
The basic narrative remained the same, new interactions between characters and other elements were introduced to flesh out the narrative.[2][16] A key goal was fleshing out the protagonists.[19] While the original script was fairly simple and featured sudden jumps in emotional mood, the revised script for the remake introduced more nuances into dialogue.[20] An important element the team had to check was the voice actors. Several checks were made both to the scripts and during the recording process so the performances would not be out of character.[16] The characters were redesigned by artist Haccan, who had acted as character designer for the Secret of Mana remake.[3] Haccan adapted the original designs by Ishii and Nobuteru Yūki, reworking the designs for modern graphics with input from Ishii.[17] The character models were created with the aim of directly translating Haccan's artwork into the game. While the original game used pixel art and allowed for exaggerated expressions using large heads on smaller bodies, the team were uncomfortable replicating it in full 3D and so expressions and interactions had to be completely redone.[16] The character classes were redesigned using the original pixel art as a base, with the colours adjusted to better fit the personalities of the different protagonists.[21]
The soundtrack, composed originally by Hiroki Kikuta, was arranged by Tsuyoshi Sekito, Koji Yamaoka, Ryo Yamazaki, and Sachiko Miyano.[22] Kikuta acted as a supervisor for arrangements, and the original versions of tracks were included as an option for players.[2][3] A few tracks were recorded with a full orchestra, but most used synthesised instruments.[13] An official soundtrack album was released in Japan on April 22, 2020.[22] The physical version was delayed to June 3 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.[23][24]
The remake of Trials of Mana was announced in June 2019 at that year's E3 for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4 and Windows.[25] The game was released worldwide on April 24, 2020.[26] The localization was a challenge for the team, as it required a simultaneous release in eight languages.[27] A game demo was released across all platforms on March 18, 2020. The demo covers the opening section of the game, where the player chooses their characters and reaches the first boss fight, and allows players to transfer save data into the full game.[28] The original Trials of Mana had received a fan translation prior to the remake's development, and the team aimed to both acknowledge and surpass their efforts.[19] In October of that year, a patch was released which included bug fixes and adjustments, new harder difficulty levels, and a level reset option for New Game+.[29] A port to Android and iOS mobile devices was announced in June 2021 during the 30th Anniversary livestream for the Mana series. It includes all the content of the post-patch home console versions, and pre-purchase bonuses that increase experience points and money drops up to Level 17. It was released worldwide on July 15 as a premium app.[30]
The PlayStation 4 version of Trials of Mana was the second-best-selling retail game during its week of release in Japan, selling 80,383 copies. The Switch version came in third place with 70,114 copies sold.[42] In their quarterly fiscal briefing following the game's release, Square Enix said the remake had sold far beyond expectations, contributing to sales growth during the period.[43] By February 2021, the game had sold over one million copies worldwide.[44] On review aggregate website Metacritic, the PC and PS4 versions were well received,[33][32] while the Switch version saw mixed reviews.[31]
Japanese magazine Famitsu noted the story's faithfulness to the original, with one reviewer calling the multiple protagonist routes "charming".[35] Kimberley Wallace of Game Informer enjoyed how character stories could intersect, but felt the script was too stilted and cliche due to its faithfulness.[36] GameSpot's Steve Watts enjoyed the "joyful moments of whimsy and weirdness" common to the Mana series, but generally disliked the tone and style of the narrative and faulted its fragmented structure.[37] Seth Macy of IGN had little to say on the story, only noting its highly traditional style.[38] Jordan Rudek of Nintendo World Report felt that the story lacked substance for repeated playthroughs,[39] and RPGamer's Jervon Perkins called it "very traditional" in its delivery and style.[40] Greg Delmage of RPGFan felt the remake was superior in how it portrayed the cast due to its use of voice acting and 3D camera presentation.[41]
Famitsu praised the graphical overhaul, but noted little structural difference from the original.[35] Wallace noted poor AI behavior and technical issues, but generally praised its presentation as a great improvement over the Secret of Mana remake.[36] Macy enjoyed the graphical style, but noted severe frame rate drops on the Switch version.[38] Perkins praised the "shiny, colorful picture book aesthetic", but noted some technical issues with pop-in graphics on PS4.[40] Rudek also noted pop-in, but generally praised the Switch version in both TV and handheld modes.[39] Delmage enjoyed the art style and lauded the reworked score, but felt the limited animations hurt dialogue delivery in cutscenes.[41] The musical score received general praise for its remix of the original tracks,[35][36][37][38][40] while the English dub was panned as weak at best and poorly directed at worst.[36][37][38][41]
Famitsu generally praised the battle system and boss encounters, but there were mixed opinions on the design of combat and one reviewer found exploring the map dull due to a lack of interesting finds.[35] Wallace found the experience enjoyable despite needing to grind for levels,[36] while Rudek faulted the lack of side content despite engaging battles and customisation.[39] Watts enjoyed the battle system, but found its Class system conditions obtuse and noted several elements such as Elemental affinities tied to particular days as going entirely wasted.[37] Macy lauded the redesigned battle and leveling systems.[38] Perkins found battles engaging, but felt the AI was lackluster.[40] Delmage was positive overall about the battle system and exploration, but found the Class change system more awkward than the original version.[41] Some reviewers negatively cited its linear structure,[39][40] and both Macy and Famitsu faulted its camera control during battle.[35][38] The boss battles also met with general praise.[35][36][40] Macy and Perkins cited the new post-game content as an enjoyable addition.[38][40]
Irena Šinko (born 5 January 1964) is a Slovenian government official and lawyer. She serves as the minister of agriculture, forestry and food of the Republic of Slovenia since 2022.[1]
Šinko graduated with a degree in agricultural engineering from the University of Ljubljana and in law at the University of Maribor. She worked as a technologist in a feed factory in Lendava. From 1995, she headed the department of Agriculture and economy in the administrative unit of Murska Sobota. Between 2010 and 2018, she served as the director of the state fund for Agricultural and Forest land.[2]
In June 2022, on the recommendation of the Freedom Movement, she took the position of the minister of agriculture, forestry and food in the government of Robert Golob.[3][4]
On October 4, 2023, Robert Golob sent a proposal to the National Assembly for her dismissal.[5]  A disagreement with the prime minister over pesticide and the hunting of beaver is responsible for her leaving the government.[6] She was dismissed at an extraordinary session on October 13, 2023, the dismissal was supported by 49 of the 62 deputies present.[7]

This article about a Slovenian politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The following highways are numbered 934:

Dame Annie Jean Connor née Macnamara DBE (1 April 1899 – 13 October 1968), known as Jean Macnamara, was an Australian medical doctor and scientist, best known for her contributions to children's health and welfare. She was honoured as Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in 1935.[2]
Annie Jean Macnamara was born on 1 April 1899 to John and Annie Macnamara in Beechworth, Victoria.[3]   Her family moved to Melbourne when she was seven and she attended Spring Road State School. She received a scholarship to study at the Presbyterian Ladies' College and she entered the University of Melbourne at age 17.[3] She graduated M.B. and B.S. in 1922.[4] Other notable Australians who also graduated in her class included Dame Kate Isabel Campbell, Lucy Meredith Bryce, Jean Littlejohn, and Sir Frank Macfarlane Burnet.[3]
After graduating, she became a resident medical officer at the Royal Melbourne Hospital.[1] In 1923, Macnamara became a resident doctor at the Royal Children's Hospital in Melbourne. Hospital authorities had at first been reluctant to employ her on the grounds that it had no toilet facilities for women doctors.[5] During her time at the Children's Hospital, there was a polio outbreak. She and Burnet demonstrated that there was more than one strain of the virus, a fact that would be important in the later development of the Salk vaccine. Between 1925 and 1931 she was consultant and medical officer responsible to the Poliomyelitis Committee of Victoria, and between 1930 and 1931 was an honorary adviser on polio to official authorities in New South Wales, South Australia and Tasmania.[1]
In 1931, she received a Rockefeller Fellowship to travel to England and United States to study orthopaedics. She met President Franklin D. Roosevelt. When she returned to Australia in 1934 she married dermatologist Joseph Ivan Connor, and they had two daughters, Joan and Merran. She conducted a successful orthopaedic work, and for this contribution was created DBE in 1935. Although she was considered the foremost Australian authority on the treatment of poliomyelitis, she continued to recommend the use of convalescent serum and splinting to immobilise limbs long after these treatments were abandoned in America.[6][7]
In the 1930s, she encouraged the Australian government to trial the myxoma virus to combat the Australian rabbit plague.[8] Although trials were initially unsuccessful, she lobbied that they be continued, and when the virus became epizootic in 1951, the mosquito vector spread the virus among wild rabbits, killing millions.[9]
Macnamara died at the age of 69 from cardiovascular disease in 1968[1] in South Yarra.[10]
Seven other Australian medical scientists were commemorated in the issue of a set of four Australian stamps released in 1995. She appears on the 45 cent stamp with fellow University of Melbourne graduate, Sir Frank Macfarlane Burnet.[citation needed]
In 2018, the Australian Electoral Commission renamed the federal electoral division of Melbourne Ports to Macnamara in her honour.[11]
A suburb of Canberra was named Macnamara, Australian Capital Territory in commemoration of Jean Macnamara.[12] Macnamara Place, in the Canberra suburb of Chisholm, is also named in her honour.[13] Jean Macnamara Street and Jean Macnamara Playground in the Canberra suburb of Macgregor are also named for her.
On April 1, 2020, Google honoured her 121st birthday with a Google Doodle.[14]
Donald McKay was a Scottish footballer who played as a full-back for Southampton St. Mary's in 1896–97, when they won the Southern League title for the first of six occasions over the next eight years.
McKay was born in Scotland and was a shipyard engineer who came to Southampton seeking work at the Woolston shipyards. He had been a regular member of the Woolston Works football team for several years before being signed by Southampton St. Mary's in the summer of 1896.[1]
He made his debut for the "Saints" at the County Ground in the opening match of the 1896–97 season, a 4–1 victory over Chatham. He played at right-back with his fellow Scotsmen James McKie at left-back and William McMillan at right-half. McKay retained his place for a further seven league games, before being replaced by Samuel Meston, who had moved over from the left with McKie returning on the right,[2] and spent the remainder of the season in the reserves.[1]
The Saints won the first nine games of the season and finished unbeaten after twenty matches, thus claiming the Southern League title for the first time.[2]
Southampton St. Mary's
Keywords Studios plc is an Irish video game industry services company based in Leopardstown. Founded in 1998 by Giorgio Guastalla and Teresa Luppino, the company initially provided localisation services for business software before transitioning to the video game industry. Andrew Day replaced Guastalla as the chief executive officer in 2009 and the company completed its initial public offering on the London Stock Exchange in 2013. Since then, Keywords Studios has acquired several other companies, including Certain Affinity, Blindlight, Climax Studios, Forgotten Empires, GameSim, Heavy Iron Studios, High Voltage Software, Smoking Gun Interactive, Tantalus Media, and Wicked Workshop. In October 2024, Keywords Studios was acquired by a group of investors led by EQT AB.
Giorgio Guastalla, an Italian-Irish businessman who had previously worked for Microsoft's Dublin office, founded Keywords Studios in 1998 with his wife, Teresa Luppino.[2][3][4] The company was established in Leopardstown (a suburb of Dublin) under the name Keywords International and originally provided localisation services for business software.[2][5][6] A regional office in Rome was established in 2001.[7]
Starting in 2004, Keywords International became incrementally involved with the video game industry.[4][7] Andrew Day, a Johannesburg native and long-time friend of Guastalla, joined the company in March 2009 at Guastalla's request and became its chief executive officer (CEO).[4][7] At this time, Keywords International had 50 employees and revenues of €3.5 million.[8] Day perceived the supplier side in the video game market as highly fragmented and intended to turn Keywords International into a "one-stop shop" for various stages of video game development.[8] He further aimed to change the company's significant reliance on a single client.[4] Day instituted a five-year plan that shifted the company's focus entirely towards video games and was to lead to a flotation in 2014.[4] The previously major client significantly reduced its business with Keywords International in 2010.[9] Further regional offices were opened in Tokyo in December 2009, in Montreal in 2010, and in Seattle in 2012.[7]
In June 2013, Keywords International announced its intent to float and sell 56% of its shares on the Alternative Investment Market of the London Stock Exchange.[2] By this time, the company had 120 employees and a pre-tax profit of €2.74 million on revenues of €14.34 million.[10] In this process, Keywords Studios Limited was incorporated in the United Kingdom. On 8 July, it was renamed Keywords Studios plc and wholly acquired Keywords International.[11][12] Numis Securities served as the financial adviser and ran the offer,[13] and Keywords Studios floated on 12 July, raising £28 million.[14] Ross Graham was subsequently brought on as the chairman.[15] Before the flotation, PEQ Holdings (a company associated with Guastalla, Giacomo Duranti, and Marco De Sanctis) owned 75.1% of the shares, with Day holding the remaining 24.9%. The flotation reduced PEQ Holdings's ownership to 29.9% and Day's to 13.2%. Cazenove Capital Management acquired 12% of the company, alongside other investments by Artemis and Legal & General.[16]
With the initial public offering completed, Day envisioned an acquisition-based approach to grow Keywords Studios.[6] Liquid Violet, a provider of voice production services, was its first purchase in January 2014.[17] At the end of 2016, Keywords Studios had 2,600 employees, including 120 at its Dublin headquarters.[8] The acquisition of VMC in October 2017 added 1,300 employees to Keywords Studios's headcount. According to Davy Group, this acquisition turned Keywords Studios into the largest provider of functionality quality assurance.[8] In July 2018, the company announced the creation of Keywords Ventures, a venture capital fund aimed at supporting startups. Keywords Studios acquired 45% of AppSecTest as the first under this fund.[18] In the same month, Igor Efremov was hired as the chief creative officer and Andrew Brown as the chief marketing officer.[19] Jon Hauck was brought on as Keywords Studios's chief financial officer (CFO) in November 2019, replacing David Broderick after he had announced his resignation.[20] At the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, Day and Hauck took a 20% pay cut.[21] Staff criticised the company's handling of the pandemic, stating that the operations had remained largely unchanged despite health safety concerns.[22] In May of that year, the company raised £100 million to acquire firms weakened by the pandemic.[23]
In January 2021, Keywords Studios hired Sonia Lashand Sedler as its chief operating officer (COO).[24] Citing health reasons, Day took a temporary leave in March 2021, with Hauck and Sedler becoming joint interim CEOs. In June, Keywords Studios announced Day's impending retirement and that he had formally stepped down as the CEO and a member of the board of directors, only remaining on the board in an advisory role for six months.[25] Bertrand Bodson, the former chief digital officer for Novartis, succeeded Day on December 1, 2021.[26] In January 2022, Guastalla stepped down as a non-executive director of Keywords Studios to focus on his other businesses.[27] He was followed shortly by Sedler, who left the company in March 2022, citing personal reasons.[28] Graham unexpectedly died in March 2023. As he had been due to retire later that month, the non-executive director Don Robert had already been designated as his replacement.[15] Hauck succeeded Sedler as COO on 1 July 2023, while Robert Kingston was hired as the CFO. Kingston had previously acted in that role for the UK and Ireland division of Flutter Entertainment.[29]
Alongside the companies Active Fence, Take This, and Modulate, Keywords Studios established the Gaming Safety Coalition in March 2024 to improve mental health practices in online gaming.[30] In May 2024, Keywords Studios announced it would accept a takeover offer from the Swedish investment firm EQT AB of £25.50 in cash per share, a total of £2.2 billion. The offer was a 73% premium of the previous share price of £14.70, which rose to £23.78 in the wake of the announcement.[31][32] The final deal for £24.50 per share was announced in July and is pending shareholder approval.[33] In the proposal, EQT would acquire 51% of the company, while Temasek and CPP Investments would each obtain 24.5%.[34] The transaction was announced as completed on 24 October, and Keywords was delisted from the London Stock Exchange.[35]
Keywords Studios is headquartered at Whelan House in the South County Business Park of Leopardstown.[36] In September 2017, the company leased the entire ground floor and parts of the first and lower ground floors of Whelan House for €422,722.[37] Italicatessen, a food import business founded by Guastalla and Luppino in 2002, provides catering services for Keywords Studios's headquarters.[3] As of 2023, Keywords Studios employs 12,340 people.[1]
Day stated that not releasing products under the Keywords Studios name contributes to it staying "under the radar".[6] The company's businesses are divided into seven segments: art, engineering, functional testing, audio recording, translation, localisation, and player support.[8]
At the 2019 Technology Ireland Awards, Keywords Studios received the "company of the year" and "outstanding achievement in international growth" awards.[99]
Vernon Cecil Frederick Bell (10 October 1922 – 27 February 2004) is often credited as "the father of British karate."[3]
Bell was taught karate by Henry Plée and brought karate to Great Britain.[4][5]

This biographical article related to martial arts in the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to karate in the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Fate/Extra (stylized as Fate/EXTRA) is a dungeon crawler role-playing game developed by Type-Moon and Imageepoch and published by Marvelous Entertainment for the PlayStation Portable. The game takes place in a parallel universe to the visual novel Fate/stay night. It was released in Japan on July 22, 2010. Aksys Games localized the game for North America and released it on November 21, 2011. Three editions of the game were released in North America: a Limited Edition, a retail standard edition, and a PlayStation Network downloadable version.[3] On January 19, 2012, Ghostlight announced their plans to release the game in PAL territories.[2]
Fate/Extra was followed by a companion game, Fate/Extra CCC. Instead of being a direct sequel, CCC is described as an alternate route of the Extra storyline's development.[4] The opening movie of CCC was directed by Akiyuki Shinbo and produced by Shaft.
The game was followed by Fate/Extella in 2016. An anime adaptation of the first game was produced by Shaft and aired on Tokyo MX and affiliate stations from January 28 to July 29, 2018.
As of 2020, a remake, Fate/Extra Record, is being developed by Type-Moon Studio BB and will be released in 2025 for PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Nintendo Switch, and PC.[5]
Fate/Extra is a single-player three-dimensional Japanese role-playing game in the dungeon subgenre.[6] The game features two main modes: "Arena", in which the player fights against AI opponents, and "Academy", which is storyline-driven.[7]
During battles, the player's character, called the Master, directs their Servant to reduce their opponent's health points to zero.[8] Battles take place as isolated in-game events with a single opponent (either a dweller or another Servant). A fight consists of separate sections, and before each of them begins, the Master is asked to select a sequence of six actions for the Servant to execute on the playing field while the enemy retaliates.
There are three main types of interaction: "Attack", "Protection", and "Breakthrough". After the series of actions are chosen by each side of the battle, they are compared against each other before the defeated side is damaged.[9] In the case of three consecutive successful actions, the character is provided with an additional attack that does not take into account the resistance of the enemy.[10] In addition to the main interactions, servant characters have special types of attacks called "noble phantasms", which require the expenditure of magic energy points.[11]
During a battle a Master can maintain their Servant with the help of "permanent effect" items and "code spells" — magic that enhances certain characteristics of the Servants.[11]
The arena is a dungeon filled with AI enemies. When all enemies are defeated, the player is rewarded experience points and in-game currency.[11] During one game week, the player is offered two mandatory quests, consisting of finding items in the territory of Arena levels.[10] If these missions are completed within the prescribed period, the player is allowed to battle with an enemy servant controlled by artificial intelligence at the beginning of the next game week. When a certain number of battles are held with a certain type of opponent, the player gets the opportunity to see part of the opponent's action combination before choosing their own series of moves. Throughout the game week, the player can gain info on enemy servants thought their interactions with their master in the academy.[12] The player may also purchase items in the academy.[6]
The dialogue system in the game is built similar to the visual novel genre, where there is an extensive system for selecting replicas that further develop the relationship with the Servant.[12] The main narration is also conducted through text information offered to the player, located between the stages of the active game process.[12] If a quest is failed or a Servant is defeated in the arena, the player receives a "bad ending".[9]
Hakuno Kishinami awakens with amnesia in a strange virtual world. Alongside their "Servant", they are forced to battle to the death to earn the opportunity to have a wish granted. They both search for a mysterious object known as the "Holy Grail".[3]
In addition to characters from Fate/stay night, characters from other Type-Moon works and new ones were added to the game.  While familiar characters from Fate/stay night and other Type-Moon works appear, they have many differences from their original iterations.
Type-Moon producer Kazuya Niinō joined Imageepoch through CEO Ryo Mikagi to collaborate on a project.[19] Soon, Niinō contacted Kinoko Nasu and Takashi Takeuchi for a proposed collaboration on the development of a new game in the Fate Series, which, according to the producer, was to implement various genres.[20] At the time, Type-Moon was involved in the finalization on Fate/hollow ataraxia, and had short-term plans to develop other projects – for which Nasu was forced to refuse the role as producer.[19]
Despite the failure, Niinō did not abandon the idea of creating a new game, and in 2007, prepared a more detailed proposal: a Japanese role-playing game, with a plot for a fundamentally new Holy Grail War not related to the events of Fate/stay night.[20] The basis of the work and themes is set in the near future with the setting on the Moon, which was previously briefly mentioned by Nasu as an element of the Tsukihime series. In addition, a supercomputer controlling the work of the Holy Grail within the virtual reality world, in which protagonists would be placed.[21] Due to the peculiarities of the setting, Kazuya decided to make a role-playing game with a lot of textual information, akin to the visual novel series.[22] The producers chose 3D graphics and seamless transition plans from a third party.[23] To differentiate the product from the rest of the Fate franchise, Kazuya invited a third-party artist working under the pseudonym Arco Wada to design the characters, despite the fact that Takeuchi did all character illustrations for previous Type-Moon games.[20] Wada was commissioned to create an outwardly similar character to provoke the audience[24] which kept about "30% of the original design".[25] Niinō indicated to Wada that the Roman emperor Nero should become the historical prototype of the main heroic Servant.[25] The original sketch, made to imitate Takeuchi's style, was rejected, and Niinō insisted on depicting the character in Wada's own style without unnecessary detail.[24] When Type-Moon leaders received a new offer from Niinō, they planned to stop the expansion of the Fate franchise and move to work on new projects.[26] However, they considered the possibility of developing a role-playing game based on the visual novel since the creation of Fate/stay night, as they were fans of the genre and considered the elements of the setting of the Fate universe suitable for such a project.[26] As such, Nasu and Takeuchi's new project was approved due to its spin-off status from the original game.[20]
After the concept was approved, Niinō divided game development between two developers: Type-Moon, whose script and character design were supervised by Nasu and Takeuchi respectively; and Imageepoch, who assigned Shuetsu Kadowaki to be the head of program and create game mechanics, assigned to the head of programming.[20] The producer himself reserved the connection between the creators and the control over individual plotlines.[27]
Within Imageepoch, there were various ideas on the implementation of game mechanics, such as building gameplay fighting scenes by analogy with fighting, as well as complicated non-transitive balance system that consist of six different character actions.[27] Unlike other representatives of the Fate franchise, both offensive and defensive skills were developed for each character, as the developers considered it necessary to "not only to reduce health points of the opponent but also to save their own" in order to keep the player's attention in the game.[20][22] Niinō and Kadowaki originally decided to use mechanics similar to rock paper scissors before realizing that it would not really interest the audience. In the end, they decided to develop a system of collecting information about the enemy to significantly improve the chances of winning fights and presented as in-game events,[27] by analogy with the servants' status screen that is gradually filling with data in Fate/stay night .[20] More attention was given to the development of individual characters and the overall development of the story instead of focusing on game aspects.[27] Unique joint actions in battle mode were intended to be used for various combinations of Masters and Servants, which were not implemented in the final project.[28]
Niinō thought it was necessary to offer three playable Servants (Saber, Archer, and Caster), all of whom differ in different skills, character, and difficulty.[20] Despite the declared independence of the story, the concept of secondary characters in the story was based on similarities with the characters of Fate/stay night, some of whom were given the same names as in the visual novel, though developers claimed that their personalities and the histories were not identical to their prototypes.[29] To emphasize this, some of them were asked to change the kanji in names, which was ultimately not implemented.[25] For the first time since Sasaki Kojiro was used as a servant in Fate/stay night, the ban on introducing Far Eastern characters as Servants was lifted and has made it possible for add characters like Lü Bu and Li Shuwen.[20]
Initially, Nasu doubted the possibility of realizing Nero's personality as the basis for Saber's heroine, and the creators considered other versions of the character's prototype.[20] Although the initial decision was left unchanged, the character's personality drastically changed to care about his environment and his love interest.[29][20] The second available character to choose was Archer, whose personality and appearance were kept by Niinō and Wada. They believed that this hero "should always look cool" and visually increased his masculinity.[24] The third character, Caster, caused the greatest difficulties as Niinō suggested designing her as an adult woman with animal ears.[20] The original design of the heroine was conceived by Takeuchi as a mixture of Japanese costume and Chinese traditional clothing Hanfu; the facial features and hairstyle were created under the impression of Yoko's character in Gurren Lagann.[25] In an interview, Wada said the reason she drew anthropomorphic characters, especially Caster, was because she liked animal ears and found them to be very cute.[30]
According to Takeuchi, Niinō personally developed the central storyline of the game while Nasu translated his ideas into text.[31] Compared to previous franchise products, a new servant class was added – Saver, whose true identity is based on Shakyamuni Buddha as the final boss and Grail Defender.[32] After the game's release, Niinō noted that he was not able to concentrate enough on dramatic aspects of the plot; in response, Nasu focused on daily school life.[27] The scriptor's campaign setting turned out to be a capitalist and stagnant utopia, and the Holy Grail war was used to select masters that would use the artifact's properties for the common good, not personal fulfillment.[33]
Seiyuu casting was done by Nasu, Takeuchi, and Niinō. The same cast involved in Type-Moon's previous work was approved.[20] Saber's role was given to Sakura Tange, who had voiced the protagonist in Cardcaptor Sakura.[34]
The game was first announced in the September 2009 issue of Famitsu[35] and was released for the PlayStation Portable in both the regular and "Type-Moon Box" editions; the latter included a Saber Figma figure from the game, a visual book and a limited edition soundtrack.[36] While the original release was planned for March 2010, the release date was pushed back to July 22, 2010, for further development.[37] The official theme song of the game is "Ranse Eroica" (亂世エロイカ, Chaotic Heroic), performed by Ali Project and the game's music was composed by Shinji Hosoe.[38][39]
In July 2011, Aksys Games confirmed it would be publishing the game in North America.[40] The North American Limited Edition included the special 15-page Fate Visual Works Art book and the 11 song Limited Soundtrack from the "Type-Moon Box"" edition.[3] In January 2012, Ghostlight announced their plans to release the game in PAL territories.[2] The four-volume drama CD series Sound Drama Fate/EXTRA was also released starting from winter 2012.
A companion game titled Fate/Extra CCC was released on March 28, 2013, in Japan. The official theme song of the second game, "Sakura Meikyū" (サクラメイキュウ, Blossom Maze), is performed by Kanon Wakeshima.
Fate/Extra received mixed reception from critics who viewed it as a work that used Japanese role-playing game and visual novel elements.[9][11][43] The reviewers focused on the plot, which was considered to be the element that kept players engaged.[7][8][9][11][12] They also praised the quality of the text,[7][8][10][45][44] which, according to Dark Zero observer Dominic Shird, was reminiscent of the game Lost Odyssey .[8] However, in a review for GamePro, Heidi Kemps remarks that as in the case of other Nasu's works, the exposition was prolonged and the manner of transmitting the characters' thoughts corresponded more to traditional visual novels.[44] Other critics also made analogies to the genre and highlighted the decision trees,[11][12] relationships points between characters,[12] and nonstandard endings.[7][44] Digital Fix reviewer Lewis Brown thought these visual novel elements were well-implemented, but noted that the story would benefit if it had more dramatic components without everyday school life.[7]
The availability of three different Servants was positively received, and according to some reviewers, encouraged the player to replay the game.[9][7][10][8][45] However, the need for a New Game Plus mode, according to GameSpot's Shiva Stella, was controversial because of the main story's immutability.[11] Lewis Brown emphasized the use of furigana in the game, including the localized English version, which added semantic nuances to the dialogue.[7] The critics gave high marks from the in-game system for collecting information about enemy servants, which directly influenced the course of the battles by its results, defining battle tactics,[6][9][12][45][43] which, according to Zack Welhouse from RPGamer, reminded with its atmosphere the novels The Hunger Games and Battle of the King.[45] Welhouse also noted the lack of understanding of the events taking place on the part of the main characters, whose motivations were reduced to taking obligations.[45] In the reviewers' opinions, the prologue of the game was unnecessarily stretched due to the time needed to unlock gameplay elements.[7][8][9]
The audio-visual component of the game was well received. GameZone critic Stephanie Carmichael pointed out that the sprites' characters appearing in the dialog box performed well and contributed to the post-battle atmosphere.[10] Reviewers noted the overall character design was reminiscent of anime,[8][9][44] seamless transitions from a third-person camera when watching characters [10][45] and the design of the "Arena" mode by the standards of Japanese role-playing games in the PlayStation Portable version.[7] However, Dominic Shird suggested that developers should have created more diverse graphic schemes for dungeons instead of constantly using shades of blue;[8] Zack Welhouse also highlighted the same type of monster design.[45]
Fate/Extra, as a role-playing game, was subjected to various criticisms by reviewers who compared it to Persona 3,[8][10][45][44] and Welhouse noted the game (especially the" Arena" mode) took the worst aspects of its predecessor.[45] Reviewers noted the simplicity of Fate/Extra implemented in non-transitive game balance, which, in their opinion, was a direct comparison to rock paper scissors.[6][9][45][43][44] Critics' opinions are divided in the assessment of battle mechanics to the player's skills: some observers believed it showed a high value of the game experience gained and gathering information about the enemy (which increased the threshold for entering the game),[7][8][11][43] however, others considered this factor meaningless due to the presence of high-level opponents and the inherent randomness in the system.[6][10][45][44] Stephanie Carmichael said the main problem of the gameplay was the intuitively difficult system of countering opponents in battle, which could lead to increased demands on each of the player's actions.[10] The battle phases were considered "quite interesting, but quickly boring" due to the low pace and frequent repetition of opponents.[9][11][43] Other shortcomings pointed out were the weakness of some opponents,[6][10][12] the inability to skip previously read text and save during the study dungeons,[10][11] and small rewards for clearing them.[7][45] The dungeon was criticized for being "boring" and using the same design in all its maps.[7][8][11][12] The size of the world in Fate/Extra was regarded to be small for market console role-playing games.[6][43]
Various reviewers believed Fate/Extra unsuccessfully tried to "sit on two chairs" when balancing both role-playing game visual novel elements together, and would only have been well-received if either genre was focused on.[7][11][45][44] Kemps said this could have been achieved by recategorizing the game's genre to adventure.[44]
Three manga adaptations based on the game were released. The first adaptation was written and illustrated by Robi〜na and serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Comptiq magazine from May 2011 to December 2014, compiling up to 6 tankōbon volumes. The second manga, which adapts the CCC storyline was also written and illustrated by Robi〜na, was also serialized in Kadokawa's Comptiq magazine from July 2015 to March 2024, compliting up to 8 tankōbon volumes. A spinoff manga titled Fate/Extra CCC FoxTail (フェイト/エクストラ CCC  FoxTail, Feito/Ekusutora CCC FoxTail) was written by Takenokoseijin and serialized in Kadokawa Shoten's Monthly Comp Ace magazine in December 2013.
An anime adaptation and sequel titled Fate/Extra Last Encore (フェイト/エクストラ ラストアンコール, Feito/Ekusutora Rasuto Ankōru) was first announced on March 22, 2016, at the AnimeJapan Fate Project panel to be released in 2017. Shaft was revealed to be handling the animation with Kinoko Nasu returning as the writer.[46] Akiyuki Shinbo and Yukihiro Miyamoto directed the series at Shaft, featuring character designs by Masaaki Takiyama and music composed by Satoru Kōsaki.[47][48] In March 2017, some artwork revealed the game's male protagonist with Saber.[49] On July 30, Atsushi Abe and Sakura Tange were confirmed to voice Hakuno Kishinami and Saber respectively.[50] The series premiered January 28, 2018, on Tokyo MX, with further broadcasts on Gunma TV, Tochigi TV, BS11, and MBS.[13] The opening theme is "Bright Burning Shout" by Takanori Nishikawa and the ending theme is "Tsuki to Hanataba" (月と花束, Moon and Bouquet) by Sayuri.[51] Netflix licensed the series for worldwide online streaming before giving the rights to Aniplex of America, who later released the series on Blu-ray in North America.[52]
Download coordinates as:
This list includes properties and districts listed on the National Register of Historic Places in Avery County, North Carolina. Click the "Map of all coordinates" link to the right to view an online map of all properties and districts with latitude and longitude coordinates in the table below.[1]
This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted February 21, 2025.[2]
HMS Eridge was a Hunt-class destroyer of the Royal Navy. She was launched in 1940 and served during the Second World War.
On 29 August 1942, Eridge assisted the destroyers Hero and Hurworth in sinking the German submarine U-568.[1] At 04:15 on 29 August 1942, she began shelling Axis positions off El Daba, Egypt, at 31°7′N 28°26′E﻿ / ﻿31.117°N 28.433°E﻿ / 31.117; 28.433, together with the destroyers Croome and Hursley. At 05:00, she was permanently disabled by a 450mm torpedo fired by the Italian motor torpedo boat MTSM-228. The attack caused five fatalities on board Eridge.[2]
She was towed to Alexandria by the destroyer Aldenham,[3] where Eridge was declared a constructive total loss due to structural damage to the hull and damage beyond repair to the main turbines, condenser, gearing and intermediate shaft. The destroyer was used as a base ship in situ for the rest of the war and sold for scrapping in October 1946.[4]

This article about a specific destroyer of the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
José Villanueva Agdamag Jr. (22 June 1921 – 15 March 2011) was a Filipino sports shooter. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics, the 1968 Summer Olympics and 1958 Asian Games.[1] Prior to the Olympics, he served in the 41st Infantry Division for the Philippines and survived the Bataan Death March in 1942.[1] Along with his son, Vicente, they wrote the book 150 Days of Hell, about the Japanese invasion of the Philippines.[2][3]

This biographical article relating to sport shooting in the Philippines is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Girolles (French pronunciation: [ʒiʁɔl]) is a commune in the Loiret department in north-central France.[1]

This Loiret geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The 2012 Men's VISA International Hockey Tournament was a men's field hockey tournament, consisting of a series of test matches. It was held in London, United Kingdom, from May 2 to 6, 2012. The tournament served as a test event for the field hockey tournament at the 2012 Summer Olympics.[1] The tournament featured four of the top nations in women's field hockey.[2]
Germany won the tournament after defeating Australia 5–2 in the final. Great Britain finished in third place after defeating India 2–1 in the third place playoff.[3]
The tournament featured the national teams of Australia, Germany, India, and the hosts, Great Britain, competing in a round-robin format, with each team playing each other once. Three points were awarded for a win, one for a draw, and none for a loss.
^ Includes results representing West Germany.* Includes results representing England.
As per statistical convention in field hockey, matches decided in extra time are counted as wins and losses, while matches decided by penalty shoot-outs are counted as draws.
There were 37 goals scored in 8 matches, for an average of 4.62 goals per match.
4 goals
3 goals
2 goals
1 goal
Source: GB Hockey
Miroslav Marcinko (born 16 January 1964) is a Slovak ice hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1994 Winter Olympics.[1]
"Miroslav Marcinko". Elite Prospects. Retrieved 29 April 2021.

This Slovak biographical article relating to ice hockey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
A Commissioners' church is an Anglican church in the United Kingdom built with money voted by Parliament as a result of the Church Building Act 1818, and subsequent related Acts.  Such churches have been given a number of titles, including "Commissioners' Churches", "Waterloo Churches" and "Million Act Churches".  In some cases the Commissioners provided the full cost of the new church; in other cases they provided a grant and the balance was raised locally.  This list contains the Commissioners' churches in the East of England and in South East England.
Download coordinates as:
At the 1930 British Empire Games, the rowing competition featured five events for men only. In the double sculls event, only Canada was represented, so the organisers simply invited a couple of crews from the United States to provide some opposition.Susan Edwina Morse (born 1952) is an American film editor with more than 30 film credits.[2] She had a notable collaboration with director Woody Allen from 1977 to 1998. She's received nominations for an Academy Award, five BAFTA Awards, and a Primetime Emmy Award.
Her collaboration with Allen led to an Academy Award for Film Editing nomination for Hannah and Her Sisters (1986), as well as BAFTA Award for Best Editing nominations (for Manhattan (1979), Zelig (1983), Hannah and Her Sisters (1986), Radio Days (1987), and Crimes and Misdemeanors (1989). She also worked as an editor on Louis C.K.'s FX series Louie. She was nominated for the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Picture Editing for a Comedy Series for her editing for the episode "Daddy's Girlfriend (Part Two)".
Morse received a bachelor's degree in history from Yale University in 1974. Morse was one of the first female varsity captains in Yale history and the only junior in that group, in 1972/73, when she co-captained the field hockey team with Lawrie Mifflin, former Senior Editor at the New York Times.  Morse remained the team's solo captain in their 1973/74 season.
In 1975, she enrolled as a graduate student at New York University to study film production and was almost immediately offered an internship on a PBS show directed by her professor Roberta Hodes, former script supervisor for Elia Kazan on On the Waterfront, among many other films.[3]
Morse's editing career began in September 1976 as an assistant to Ralph Rosenblum on Annie Hall. Rosenblum's last film with Allen was Interiors (1978), after which he worked as a director. Morse edited Rosenblum's first film, an adaptation of James Thurber's short story, The Greatest Man in the World (1980) starring Brad Davis; she was also an associate editor working with Thelma Schoonmaker on Raging Bull (1980), directed by Martin Scorsese. Starting with Manhattan (1979), she edited the next twenty of Allen's films through Celebrity (1998). Stephen Prince has summarized their collaboration as follows: "Susan E. Morse edited every Allen film of the eighties, regardless of its subject matter or visual design, and as we have seen Allen worked with a variety of cinematographers and production designers in those years. His insistent use of Morse demonstrates the essential nature of her collaboration."[4] Morse's collaboration with Allen was the subject of a 1996 documentary film for German television.[5]
Neither Morse nor Allen commented publicly on the end of their collaboration, but according to reporting in The New York Times, Morse was a victim of a cost-cutting move by producer Jean Doumanian that also severed ties with many other regular crew members on Allen's films.[6] Bernard Weinraub wrote, "What especially stirred the New York film world in recent weeks was the disclosure that Susan E. Morse, Mr. Allen's widely admired film editor for 22 years, would not be working on his new, untitled movie, which starts shooting in New York in August."[7] Alisa Lepselter succeeded Morse as Allen's editor, claiming she was inspired to go into film editing after hearing Morse speak on the subject near her childhood home in New Jersey.[citation needed]
Since 1998, Morse has edited films with several directors including Marc Lawrence, with whom she's worked on Two Weeks Notice (2002), Music and Lyrics (2007), and Did You Hear About the Morgans? (2009). She edited Last Night (2010), which was written and directed by Massy Tadjedin. In 2012, she edited the third season of the television series Louie; it had previously been primarily edited by its creator, Louis C.K. She edited the 2017 film Novitiate, which was written and directed by Maggie Betts. The film received generally favourable reviews from critics.[8]
As a Editor
Woody Allen films
Other work as an editor
Morse has been elected to membership in the American Cinema Editors[9] and was honored at the 25th Annual Muse Awards Gala for New York Women in Film and Television, along with Tina Fey, Julianne Moore and Debra L. Lee, Chairman and CEO of BET Network in 2005.Cort's 63rd Street Theatre (1921)
63rd Street Music Hall (1921)
Daly's 63rd Street Theatre (1922–1928)
Coburn Theatre (1928–1929)
Recital Theatre (1932)
Park Lane Theatre (1932)
Gilmore's 63rd Street Theatre (1934)
Experimental Theatre (1936–1938)
Daly's 63rd Street Theatre was a Broadway theatre, which was active from 1921 to 1941. It was built in 1914 as the 63rd Street Music Hall and had several other names between 1921 and 1938. The building was demolished in 1957.
The building which subsequently housed the theater was originally designed by architect Thomas W. Lamb for the Davenport stock company. Construction began in 1909, but financial issues stalled it soon after. Later on, architect Erwin Rossbach was hired by the Association of Bible Students to complete the structure. The organization intended it to serve for religious lectures and screening Biblical films. It was completed in 1914, and named the 63rd Street Music Hall. From 1919, it served as a children's cinema.
On January 31, 1921, Cort 63rd Street Theatre was opened in the building. In 1922, the theater was renamed Daly's 63rd Street Theatre, in honor of Augustin Daly.[1]  The theater's name was changed on several occasions: it became the Coburn Theatre in 1928 and was renamed Recital Theatre in 1932, only to become the Park Lane Theatre several months later.  From 1934 to 1936 it was known as Gilmore's 63rd Street Theatre, and afterwards as the Experimental Theatre. From 1938 until its closure in 1941, it returned to be Daly's 63rd Street Theatre. The building was demolished in 1957.[2]
The first production in the theater in 1921 was the premiere of Shuffle Along, the hit musical revue by Flournoy Miller, Aubrey Lyles, Noble Sissle, and Eubie Blake.[3] Other notable premieres at the theatre were Mae West's Sex in February 1926[4] and the English-language version of Friedrich Wolf's Professor Mamlock in 1937.[5]
Roque Valero Pérez (born January 31, 1974) is a Venezuelan singer, actor and politician.
Roque was born to parents Roque Valero and Rosario Pérez. He began singing at the age of 7 when he joined the cast of a school play titled El día del médico.
In 1983, his family moved to Barquisimeto where he took courses in acting and joined the National youth Orchestra of Lara. His acting coach recommended that he pursue acting further, and he then moved to Caracas to strengthen his acting skills. He studied in several acting workshops under Ricardo Lombardi and Adda Noceti of Grupo Actoral 80 and with Santiago Sánchez. his first acting job was in theater in a play titled La mano written by Oscar Mendoza Herrera.
In 2002, Valero got the opportunity to star in his first feature film titled La pluma del arcángel written by Luis Manzo. The film won awards and nominations at film festivals in Bogotá, Cartagena and Miami. Later, he returned to television with a supporting role in the Cosita Rica as a composer and performer of its musical theme which was included in his first album titled Cae El Amor released in 2004.
That same year, he starred with Édgar Ramírez in the film Punto y Raya by Elia Schneider, for which he won the best actor award at the Gramado Festival, the Golden Sun (Soleil d'Or) as well as Best Actor in the International Festival of Latin American Cinema of Biarritz, and the Special Jury Prize Award Coral 26vo male performance in the International Festival of New Latin American Cinema in Havana, Cuba.
In 2006, he obtained his first starring role in the telenovela titled Ciudad Bendita where he sang several songs, including the theme song that were included in his second album Todo Va A Salir Bien which was also certified gold and platinum. In 2007 he accompanied Franco De Vita on tour in Colombia and the United States.
He won the Teatro Municipal Award for Best Actor.
In 2008 starred alongside Armando Cabrera and Fabiola Colmenares the musical work of Mel Brooks, The Producers in the Aula Magna of the Universidad Central de Venezuela.
Valero was elected as a deputy to the Venezuelan National Assembly for the state of Aragua until 2017, when he became part of the National Constituent Assembly.[1]Byerazino District or Bierazino District[2] (Belarusian: Бярэзінскі раён; Russian: Березинский район) is a district (raion) of Minsk Region in Belarus.[1] Its administrative center is Byerazino.[3][1] As of 2024, it has a population of 21,570.[1]
Media related to Byerazino District at Wikimedia Commons
This Belarus location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.51°18′04″N 0°55′55″W﻿ / ﻿51.301°N 0.932°W﻿ / 51.301; -0.932
West Green House is an 18th-century country house and garden at West Green in Hartley Wintney in the English county of Hampshire. The house is listed Grade II*.[1] It is known for its gardens and for its summer season of opera.
The house was built in the early 18th century,[2] by General Henry Hawley, who led the cavalry charge at the Battle of Culloden.[3]
At the beginning of the 20th century the Playfair family employed the architect Robert Weir Schulz to remodel the north front of the house and to design new gardens.[4] After the Playfairs left West Green House five years later, the new owner, Evelyn, Duchess of Wellington continued to improve the gardens.[4] The Duchess and her friend Yvonne Fitzroy occupied the house and garden for many years. Victor Sassoon bought the house and allowed the Duchess and her friend to live in house until the Duchess's death in 1939 and Fitzroy's death in 1971.[4]
The National Trust has owned the house since 1971, after being left the property by Victor Sassoon in 1957. Alistair McAlpine acquired the lease in 1976 and added monuments designed by the classical architect Quinlan Terry.[5]
The house was damaged by an IRA bomb attack in 1990.[6] McAlpine had left the house three weeks previously, at the expiration of his lease.[6]
Marylyn Abbott bought the lease from the National Trust in 1993.[7] She had previously developed her well-known Kennerton Green garden in Mittagong, New South Wales, Australia.[8] The gardens at West Green house now extends beyond the 18th century walls to beyond a lake created in 1997 which is surrounded by a series of perimeter gardens, one a fountain “ Paradise Garden”, another a 190 meter serpentine of iris crossed by five wisteria clad bridges. With six walled gardens, each individually planted from checkerboard topiary, to tropical plants in summer, and oriental plants around two dragons, it is a garden known for its theatricality.[citation needed] Alongside the garden, there is a gift-shop and cafe.
Marylyn Abbott is the former marketing and tourism manager of Sydney Opera House[7] and instituted an opera season at West Green House which is held annually in July and August.[9] Today the opera is performed from a stage cantilevered from the lake's island with the audience seated in covered pavilions lake side.[10]
In 2012, West Green House hosted a production by the Garsington Opera Emerging Artists programme.[11]
Notes
Sources
Kieren Jack (born 28 June 1987) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Sydney Swans in the Australian Football League (AFL). He was the co-captain of the Sydney Swans, alongside Jarrad McVeigh from 2013 to 2016.
Jack was born in Sydney, New South Wales. The son of former Balmain, NSW and Australian rugby league player Garry Jack,[1] Kieren is the eldest of three brothers raised in the Cherrybrook suburb of Sydney. His younger brothers are Rhys and Brandon.[2]
Kieren was educated at West Pennant Hills Primary School where he played in its AFL team, including the premiership side in 1999.
His first experience of Australian rules was in the Paul Kelly Cup in 1998 in primary school playing for the junior Pennant Hills Demons AFC. He went on to play a key part in premierships with the junior Demons in 1999 and 2000.[3] He played both rugby league (Carlingford Cougars) and Australian rules until 2000 before breaking the news to his father that he wanted to stop playing league to focus on Australian Rules. He was identified by AFL talent scouts and taken by Sydney in the 2005 Rookie draft from the NSW/ACT Rams Under 18 team.[4]
Before even making his debut, Kieren made news in 2007 as one of four players allegedly involved in an AFL betting scandal, though many criticised the AFL's decision to identify him, as his was only a $5 bet.[5] He was later promoted from the rookie list. Notable for his tackling and running abilities, he plays as a midfielder for the Swans. In Round 4, 2008, he gained a NAB AFL Rising Star nomination for his role on West Coast Eagles onballer Daniel Kerr in a match the Swans won by 62 points (their biggest win over the Eagles since 2000).
His career year was capped off with taking home the Bob Skilton Medal as the Swans' best and fairest player over Shane Mumford and Josh Kennedy. After a breakthrough season in 2010, Jack struggled through much of 2011 with an ankle injury. He missed 6 games due to injury and was for the most part unable to recapture his form and impact from 2010. He played his 100th AFL game for the Sydney Swans against Essendon in Round 11, 2012. He finished 4th in the 2012 Bob Skilton Medal a week after kicking 2 crucial goals in the Swans' Grand Final victory at the MCG over the Hawthorn Hawks.
In 2013, Jack was named co-captain of the Sydney Swans, alongside 2012 Premiership Captain, Jarrad McVeigh. This decision was made after previous co-captain Adam Goodes announced he was stepping down from the position.
On 19 August 2019, Jack announced that he would retire at the end of the 2019 AFL season.[6]
Kieren Jack is married to television journalist and presenter Charlotte Goodlet.[7]
In July 2016, it was reported Jack had a falling out with his parents and that he did not invite his parents to his 200th AFL game.[8] Former Swan and radio personality Ryan Fitzgerald criticized Garry Jack and his wife for airing the feud publicly on Twitter.[9]
See text
Dyspontiidae
Artotrogidae is a family of copepods in the order Siphonostomatoida.[2]

This copepod-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Rossel (French: Rosselle; German: Rossel) is a river flowing on the border of the department of Moselle (France) and Saarland (Germany). It rises in Longeville-les-Saint-Avold near the border of France and Germany and flows northwards into the Saar near Völklingen. Its course within France and on the French-German border is 32.8 km (20.4 mi) long.[1]
Towns along the Rossel are:

This article related to  a river in Saarland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Kings of the Water is the third novel from writer Mark Behr, published in November 2009.[1]
It is the story of thirty-five-year-old Michiel (Michael) Steyn who returns to the family farm in South Africa for his mother's funeral. This is Steyn's first return to South Africa in fifteen years, after leaving in 1987 to escape from a scandal he was involved in while he was an officer in the South African navy. Steyn is from both Afrikaans and English extraction and is now a US citizen. He lives with his partner Kamil Cassis (who is half Palestinian, half Jewish) on the boundary of San Francisco's Castro district. The book engages specifically South African questions of racism, guilt, responsibility and the tentativeness of forgiveness, but the novel's ending asks for an international reading, in particular through its foreshadowing of US foreign and domestic policy in the era of George W. Bush. Kings of the Water also offers a glimpse at an older version of a marginal character from Embrace as well as allusion to the extended fishing scene from The Smell of Apples, in this way seeming to insist that all three of these novels be read and understood in relation to one another.
Kate Saunders in The Times (November 2009) reviewed it as follows: "Superbly written, thoughtful and unflinching, this terrific novel explores the mentality of the Afrikaner male — with wonderfully poetic use of the Afrikaans language." Novelist Christopher Hope, reviewing for The Guardian (January 2010), noted that the book shared the spirit of Chekhov's The Cherry Orchard and called the novel "one of the most moving to come out of South Africa in many years." Shortly after publication, Kings of the Water was shortlisted for The Commonwealth Book Award, Africa Region.

This article about a South African novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
This article about a novel of the 2000s with a lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender theme is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
This article about a novel on Apartheid in South Africa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
During the 1919–20 season Hearts competed in the Scottish Football League, the Scottish Cup and the East of Scotland Shield.
The 2002 Barrow-in-Furness Legionnaires' disease outbreak was a fatal outbreak of Legionellosis which occurred in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria, England.[1]
The first fatality occurred on 2 August 2002.[2] The source of the bacteria was later found to be from steam coming out of a badly maintained air conditioning unit. The system was located in the council-run arts centre Forum 28, with the vent emitting the disease over a busy alleyway in the town centre. Ultimately seven people died and 172 cases were reported (a case fatality rate of around 4%), ranking as the second worst in British history and seventh worst globally by death count.[3]
The coroner for Furness and South Cumbria criticised the council for its failings with regard to health and safety at the conclusion of an inquest into the seven deaths.[4] In 2006, council employee Gillian Beckingham and employer Barrow Borough Council were cleared of seven charges of manslaughter. Beckingham, the council senior architect, was fined £15,000 and the authority £125,000. The authority maintained that Beckingham was not responsible for the building or the defective plant and dismissed the building Technical Manager Kevin Borthwick. He was later re-instated to his position following a challenge by his union.[5] The borough council was the first public body in the country to have faced corporate manslaughter charges. Beckingham maintained that a contract to maintain the plant was in place but failings of others meant that the work was never undertaken, nor was the lack of adequate maintenance pursued by those responsible for the building. Following the trials, the contractor responsible for maintaining the defective plant, Interserve, settled a £1.5 million claim by the Council for damages.[6][7]
54°06′44″N 3°13′40″W﻿ / ﻿54.11223°N 3.22776°W﻿ / 54.11223; -3.22776The 2016 version of the Syrian Cup is the 46th edition to be played. It is the premier knockout tournament for football teams in Syria. Al-Wahda are the defending champions.[1][2][3]
The competition has been disrupted because of the ongoing Syrian Civil War, where some games have been awarded as 3:0 victories due to teams not being able to compete.
The winners of the competition will enter the 2017 AFC Cup qualifying playoffs.
The 2021–22 season was the 118th season in the existence of Bayer 04 Leverkusen and the club's 43rd consecutive season in the top flight of German football. In addition to the domestic league, Leverkusen participated in this season's edition of the DFB-Pokal and the UEFA Europa League.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules; some limited exceptions apply. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules; some limited exceptions apply. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Win
  Draw
  Loss
  Fixtures
Source: Soccerway
Source: DFB
The league fixtures were announced on 25 June 2021.[24]
The draw for the group stage was held on 27 August 2021.[25]
The draw for the round of 16 was held on 25 February 2022.[26]
Last updated: 14 May 2022Source: Competitions
Last updated: 14 May 2022
Iosif Demian (born 26 May 1941) is a Romanian cinematographer and film director.[1] His 1980 film A Girl's Tears was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1982 Cannes Film Festival.[2]

This article about a Romanian film director is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ernst, Prince of Leiningen (German: Ernst Leopold Victor Carl August Joseph Emich, Furst zu Leiningen; 9 November 1830 – 5 April 1904) was a German nobleman who served with distinction in the British Royal Navy.
He was the elder son of Carl, Prince of Leiningen and Countess Marie von Klebelsberg. His father was the maternal half-brother of Queen Victoria of the United Kingdom.
Ernst Leopold joined the Royal Navy in 1849,[1] seeing action in the Second Burma War and later, the Crimean War, where he participated in the Danube and Baltic campaigns. He served as lieutenant on board HMS Duke of Wellington and HMS Cossack in 1855, after which he was promoted to captain in 1860 and given command of HMS Magicienne, and then HMY Victoria and Albert.[1] He further served as Commander-in-Chief, The Nore in 1885–87,[2] was promoted to full Admiral in 1887[3] and retired from the Navy in 1895.[4]
Upon his father's death on 13 November 1856, Ernst Leopold acceded to the title of Prince of Leiningen. He also inherited the memberships of the upper houses of the parliaments of Bavaria, Hesse and by Rhine and Baden, his family having owned estates and lands in those states. In 1863, he was nominated as a candidate for the throne of Greece by the British government under Henry Temple, Viscount Palmerston, but declined it; the throne was eventually accepted by Prince William of Denmark, who reigned as King George I until 1913.[5]
Ernst Leopold died in Amorsbach in 1904, and was succeeded as Prince by his son Emich.
On 11 September 1858 in Karlsruhe he married Princess Marie of Baden (1834–1899), second daughter and seventh child of Leopold, Grand Duke of Baden and Sophie of Sweden. They had two children:
This article about a member of the German nobility is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article related to the Royal Navy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Time Without Pity is a 1957 British film noir thriller film directed by Joseph Losey and starring  Michael Redgrave, Ann Todd, Leo McKern, Paul Daneman, Peter Cushing, Alec McCowen and Renee Houston.[3] It is about a father trying to save his son from execution for murder.
The film was directed by Losey after he was blacklisted in the U.S. during the McCarthy era. It was his second film in Britain and his first under his own name.[4]
The screenplay was written by fellow blacklisted writer Ben Barzman and adapted from the 1953 play Someone Waiting by Emlyn Williams.
David Graham, a recovering alcoholic, returns to England having only one day in which to save his son Alec from hanging for the murder of Alec's girlfriend, Jenny Cole. Graham has been a neglectful, absentee father who missed the entire trial while he was in a sanatorium in Canada. At first, Alec refuses to see Graham, and when they do meet, Alec is without any hope for reprieve and cannot show any affection for his father.
His sobriety in constant jeopardy, Graham believes that his son is innocent and begins a frantic last-minute effort to find evidence that will save his son's life, if not redeem himself as a father. With the help of his son's steadfast solicitor, Graham desperately, and often ineffectively, investigates the circumstances surrounding the girl's murder, visiting first her furious sister and then the home of wealthy car magnate Robert Stanford, where the girlfriend was killed. Stanford and his family have provided the only real support that Alec has ever known.
Graham ricochets between potential allies, foes and new leads in order to learn who the real murderer could be, with suspects including Stanford's beautiful wife Honor, his even younger secretary Vickie Harker and his adopted son who's Alec's best friend, Brian, who allows Graham to see what his own misspent life looked like through his son's eyes.
With the Home Office on standby to receive any evidence proving Alec's innocence, Graham is forced to extreme measures to try to establish the real killer's guilt.
In a private room, Graham is permitted a final meeting with his son, with Honor there. Alec passionately kisses Honor, adding a new dimension. The conversation also alludes to Alec's relationship with Jenny. Honor leaves to allow father and son a final embrace, and more confessions are made.
Graham visits a pub with Stanford and gathers some more clues before getting very drunk.
Going to a theatre, he finds Stanford's alibi of spending the night with an actress was not actually true. He confronts Stanford at his race track where he is test-driving a Mercedes 300SL. Stanford explains that anyone can be bought and offers Graham shares in his company in exchange for silence. Still lacking evidence, in desperation Graham sacrifices his own life to create the appearance of a second act of murder by Stanford, thereby incriminating him for the first killing and saving Alec's life.
Freddie Francis liked working with Losey "because he was very nervous, hadn't done a film for a long time and needed a lot of help. And I like it when people need help. "[5]
Monthly Film Bulletin said "Although it is rumoured that Joseph Losey has been employed on several British productions, Time Without Pity is the first feature film to credit his name since his arrival in this country six years ago. The style of the film is immediately recognisable – the exaggerated hysteria which characterised Losey's American work (M and The Big Night). The key scenes are heightened to a pitch which the script will hardly sustain; the characters are continually occupied with feverish, cinematic "'business" (newspaper editors punctuating their conversation with dart-throwing, a drunken old woman in a crowded room full of alarm clocks). The handling of the interestingly varied cast is creditable: Michael Redgrave gives a sensitive and accomplished interpretation of the difficult role of the introspective alcoholic. Alec McCowen as the son and Leo McKern as the crazed motor-manufacturer both give stylish performances. In the version seen by the reviewer, there appear to have been considerable cuts in a climactic scene of violence."[6]
In British Sound Films: The Studio Years 1928–1959 David Quinlan rated the film as "average", writing: "Stylishly acted, but over-directed drama. Very sombre."[7]
Leslie Halliwell said: "Heavy-going, introspective, hysterical, downbeat melodrama which takes itself with a seriousness which is almost deadly."[8]
The Radio Times Guide to Films gave the film 3/5 stars, writing: "Although the story of a father trying to save his son from the gallows is supposed to be a thriller, Losey places so much emphasis on the capital punishment angle that the social theme too often swamps the suspense. Michael Redgrave is solid, however, as the alcoholic dad fighting against time."[9]Dustin Wesley "Dusty" Redmon (born May 23, 1982) is an American guitarist primarily known for playing in alternative rock band The Almost and former guitarist and songwriter for Beloved and Dead Poetic. He is cousins with his former bandmate, Joe Musten.[1]
In 1999, along with Josh Moore, Joe Musten, John Brehm, and Matt Harrison (replacing founding member Shawn Dallas), Redmon formed influential indie/hardcore band Beloved. The band released an EP called The Running on Vindicated Records (later released by Solid State Records) and a full-length LP entitled Failure On. The band toured extensively for 5 years, alongside bands like Norma Jean, Underoath, My Chemical Romance, Avenged Sevenfold, Zao, Further Seems Forever, Between the Buried and Me, Armor for Sleep, and many others. The band dissolved in 2005 after drummer Musten left the band.
After relocating to Philadelphia and marrying long-time love interest Amanda Vaughn, Redmon joined friends and labelmates Dead Poetic. The band did light touring in his two-year stint, and recorded an album entitled Vices in January and February 2006.  Shortly before the release of Vices, lead vocalist Brandon Rike agreed to participate in one last tour with The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus before leaving Dead Poetic. The musicians did not want to continue without Brandon and decided to put Dead Poetic on hold.  Since then, the band has not been seen on tour but original members claim they will record one final album with Tooth & Nail Records. Dusty Redmon and bass player John Brehm left Dead Poetic in the fall of 2006 and Dusty joined The Almost as a guitar player.[2]
Long-time friend Aaron Gillespie had invited Redmon to play guitar for his new project, The Almost in early September 2006. Redmon denied, thinking he was leaving for a tour with Dead Poetic. Only a couple of weeks later, he'd find out he'd be bandless. A few months went by, and Dusty received another call from Gillespie. Redmon jumped at the chance to be in a band with an old friend, and in early 2007 began rehearsing. The Almost released a record entitled Southern Weather on April 3, and toured with Saves the Day and Say Anything, as well as Paramore, This Providence, and Love Arcade to support it. The band has since gone on to tour the US several times as well as being a part of 2010's Soundwaves Festivals in Australia. In 2009, the band released the follow-up to Southern Weather, entitled Monster, Monster. Redmon and bandmates contributed writing and performing on this record after Gillespie's prior solo offering. The band appeared on many public television shows, such as MTV and Fuse. In 2015, Gillespie announced that the band was "being put to rest".Gaspare D'Amico (22 September 1886 – 1975) was a bootlegger and a powerful Mafia figure in New Jersey, US.
D'Amico was born in Villabate, Sicily. He and his brother immigrated to the United States prior to the arrival of their parents and sister. D'Amico ran his own family based in Newark, New Jersey. He rivaled other families for power and control of illegal rackets in Newark. His family controlled bootlegging and gambling operations throughout the early 1920s. In 1935, Vincenzo Troia, a former associate of Salvatore Maranzano, conspired to take over the Newark family and was murdered. Two years later in 1937, D'Amico fled the United States after a failed assassination attempt on his life ordered by Joseph Profaci.[1][2] The Commission decided to divide up his territory among the Five Families and the Badami's Elizabeth family.Ludovico Barbiano di Belgiojoso[1] (1488–1530) was an Italian military leader who fought on both sides during the Italian Wars.
Belgiojoso was born on 15 March 1488 to Carlo Barbiano di Belgiojoso and Caterina Visconti. His military career began at an early age under the condottiero Gian Giacomo Trivulzio. He fought at the battle of Ravenna (1512) and the battle of Marignano (1515). Afterwards he moved to France, where he became a chamberlain to Francis I and castellan of Rouvres.[2]
In 1521, Belgiojoso fought in the French invasion of Navarre as part of the Italian contingent under Teodoro Trivulzio. In 1522, he took part in the French invasion of Italy. In June, he was sent on a diplomatic mission to the Republic of Venice to refuse a truce with the Holy Roman Empire. With Giovanni Cavazzi della Somaglia [it], he commanded the fortress of Lodi. He fought in the Italian campaign of 1524–1525 and was present at the battles of Robecco [it], the Sesia and Pavia. After retreating to France, he was sent with Italian troops to defend Picardy.[2]
In 1526, Belgiojoso was challenged to a duel by the Venetian condottiero Alvise Gonzaga. The intervention of Pope Clement VII, the Marquis Ferderico II of Mantua, the Republic of Venice and Duke Alfonso I of Ferrara hastened an amicable settlement. Around the same time, Belgiojoso offered his services to Venice, but no agreement on operations could be reached. In August, he was at Amboise seeking guarantees of his Italian properties from Francis I.[2]
On 10 September 1526, by agreement with the Emperor Charles V, Belgiojoso returned to Italy. His properties at Lugo and Belgioioso were restored. On 12 November, Francis I ordered Philippe Chabot to confiscate the castellany of Rouvres. In compensation, Belgiojoso received the fief of Castel San Giovanni and the castle and county of Monza in January 1527, further lands in April–May 1528, the castle of Cotignola in October 1528 and the castle of San Colombano [it] in April 1529.[2]
In January 1527, Belgiojoso was defending the approach to Milan against the League of Cognac with 5,000 native troops and some Spaniards. These were a ragtag bunch which the chronicler Giovan Marco Burigozzo described as doing more harm to property and the honour of women than the Spanish or Turks. He clashed with the imperial governor of Milan, Antonio de Leyva, who distrusted him.[2] He was charged with the defence of Pavia against the Viscount of Lautrec. He had at his disposal some 2,000 Italian infantry, 30 men-at-arms and 100 light cavalry.[3] On 4–5 October, after an artillery bombardment had levelled what was left of the walls, he surrendered the city.[3][4] Although his troops had put up a stout resistance,[4] Belgiojoso was widely blamed for the ensuing sack of the city.[2]
A prisoner of war, Belgiojoso was held in Genoa until February 1528, when he was released to Milan on the payment of a ransom. He was immediately given command of some Italian infantry and German Landsknechte.[2] On 13 May, he retook Pavia with Milanese troops.[2][5] (It was recovered for the League by Venetian troops on 19 September, but by then the League's position in Lombardy was doomed.[6]) Charged with work on the castle and walls of Milan, Belgiojoso entrusted the task to the architect Cesare Cesariano. In 1529, he secured a contribution of 120,000 ducats from the Republic of Genoa in return for the defence of the city against the French.[2] On behalf of Leyva and Lope de Soria, he recruited soldiers in Piacenza, Corsica and Genoa for the defence of Milan.[2][7]
In September 1529, Charles V appointed Belgiojoso captain general of the Spanish infantry in Lombardy.[2] When Leyva was called away in October to help in negotiations with the Papal State, Belgiojoso was left as acting governor of the Duchy of Milan.[2][7] He intrigued to prevent the restoration of Duke Francesco II Sforza and perhaps even to be appointed duke himself. He died suddenly in January 1530. There were rumours of poison. His heirs were the sons of his brother Pierfrancesco. He also left 1,000 scudi to an illegitimate daughter. The fiefs he had been granted escheated.[2]
Star Trek: The Experience was an attraction that opened in January 1998 at the Las Vegas Hilton, now called the Westgate Las Vegas, in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States. It was based on the Star Trek entertainment franchise. The pavilion underwent a major renovation in 2004 to add the Borg Invasion 4-D attraction, which featured a fictional cybernetic race, the Borg. The attraction was operated by entertainment management company Cedar Fair after its June 2006 purchase of Paramount Parks from the CBS Corporation.[1] It closed in September 2008 and was scheduled to reopen in the Neonopolis Mall on May 8, 2009, in time for the premiere of the film Star Trek. The opening was then pushed back to 2010, and in 2011 the project was officially terminated due to a lack of financing as well as Cedar Fair announcing that they had lost licensing.[2]
The History of the Future museum featured several props, costumes and memorabilia from throughout Star Trek history. It also featured video display devices and a timeline of Star Trek events. In later updates, displays for each of the franchise's major alien races, which included the Borg, Klingons, and Ferengi were added.
The last section of the museum was a hallway, serving as the attraction's queues. The left side was for Borg Invasion 4-D, and the right side was for Klingon Encounter. Klingon Encounter held 27 people, while Borg Invasion 4-D held 48 people. Each show was constructed so that those "in the back" for the first part of the show would, in turn, likely end up in the front for the second half of either show.
As a result of the closure of The Experience, the History of the Future Museum closed in 2008.
Note: The exact attraction experience varied as a result of live performer input.
Initially, the visitors entered a small room with a depiction of "outer space." A small television in the upper right corner of the room displayed scenes from several Star Trek films. The group would then enter a smaller, dimly lit waiting area for a traditional simulator ride. Hosts directed guests' attention to a safety demo for the shuttlecraft simulator ride. A few moments later, the televisions flickered, and the lights went out. Flashing lights followed, along with transporter sound effects and a rush of cold air. When the lights returned after less than 3 seconds, the group was standing on a transporter pad in the Transporter Room, which was approximately twice the size of the original small room they had entered. Guests were greeted by Starship personnel, who informed them they were now aboard the Enterprise-D,  in the transporter room as seen in Star Trek: The Next Generation.
On the transporter pad, a uniformed Starfleet officer asked for the leaders of the group and directed them away for instruction. Transiting through a typical Star Trek corridor, the guests arrive at the Bridge of the Enterprise-D where it was explained that the visitors were beamed aboard the Starship Enterprise to "what you would call the future". Commander Riker appeared on the main viewscreen, explaining that Captain Picard disappeared the moment the group beamed aboard the Enterprise and thus one member of the group must be Picard's ancestor. A Klingon Commander named Kohath used a time-rift to abduct Picard's ancestor and erase him from the timeline. Starfleet Intelligence dispatched the Enterprise to intercept the Klingons' transporter beam and rescue the entire group. Riker directs the group to board a shuttlecraft with Geordi La Forge to escape the temporal rift and return all guests to their original time.
Starfleet personnel led the group out of the Bridge through a Star Trek turbolift. While the group was in the turbolift, the Klingons attacked the Enterprise and the turbolift entered a free fall. When the turbolift came to a rest the group exited into another transit corridor where personnel led them to the shuttle bay for escape. While on the bridge, guests were permitted to take photographs.
The group boarded the shuttlecraft which was in a 270° domed theater with four degrees of motion base platform. The shuttle ride began with a battle between the Enterprise and Klingon vessels. The shuttle then returned through the temporal rift to present-day Las Vegas. The shuttle landed at the Las Vegas Hilton right next to the "motion simulators" shuttles the visitors were originally waiting to enter when they were "beamed off" at the start of the story. Captain Picard thanked the crew for restoring his existence. He said, "While only one of you is my ancestor, each of you hold that same opportunity for the future. Guard it well." Typically, a custodian led the group to an elevator and then out to the Deep Space Nine Promenade and Quark's Bar. When the custodian led the group to the elevator, there was a television set that showed a "news" report where the military mention that the shuttles over Las Vegas were weather balloons.
Upon exiting the shuttlecraft, the guests transit through a corridor where they enter the Promenade from Deep Space Nine.
This simulation ride closed along with The Experience in 2008.
The motion simulator was developed by McFadden Systems, Inc.[3]
While Klingon Encounter was based on the Star Trek: The Next Generation series (which also introduced the Borg), Borg Invasion 4-D was based on the Star Trek: Voyager series. It too utilized costumed actors as well as video and audio participation of several Trek series cast members.
Unlike Klingon Encounter, which used sets inspired by those on the ship where it occurred—the USS Enterprise-D—Borg Invasion did not occur on sets like those of USS Voyager, which were familiar to series viewers. Instead, the action occurred at a site designed and created exclusively for the Hilton: a Starfleet space station. The 'Star Trek Borg Encounter', its twin attraction in north Germany, opened at Space Center Bremen on February 12, 2004, in the city of Bremen, Germany. The attraction closed down along with the Space Center on September 26, 2004, due to low attendance. The 4D cinema with its 250 seats was dismantled in 2008.
Immersion of the visitors in the storyline had no equivalent to the high-tech beaming on board the Enterprise-D in Klingon Encounter. Here it was accomplished only by a quick introduction of the state of danger, by on-screen Trek series cast members Kate Mulgrew, Robert Picardo and numerous other actors. The plot involved the participants in several close encounters with Borg drones.
Though using no ride simulator, this adventure culminates in a space battle with the Borg Queen (played by the original Actress from the Star Trek movies, Alice Krige) via a 3-D movie with corresponding physical effects including water vapor, wind, and being "stabbed" with a Borg probe (thus the “4D” in the title).
While Klingon Encounter goes to great effort to utilize Trek staples to justify the incorporation of 21st-century humans into a futuristic, far-off adventure (beaming, a spaceflight, and time travel) no such effort is made to justify participation in the plot of Borg Invasion 4-D.
A special behind-the-scenes tour was also available for visitors, starting in August 2005. The tour followed a basic script and was timed to allow access to parts of the attraction while they were unoccupied by other guests enjoying the rides. Many of the tour guides also included trivia questions and allowed for Q&As during the tour.
During the tour, the tour guide provided an overview of the attraction's history and shared anecdotes about the various model ships and items displayed in the museum. The tour began at the main entrance and continued through the ride queue corridor, granting guests backstage access for the first time. The tour included visits to various backstage areas, such as the wardrobe and makeup departments, as well as an opportunity to explore the sets used for the rides in greater detail. This allowed guests to appreciate the intricate details of the sets that might have been overlooked during the rides and also revealed some of the operational secrets that contributed to creating an immersive 24th-century experience for the guests.
Photography was not allowed on the tour due to copyright and licensing agreements with Viacom, the then-owner of the rights to the Star Trek franchise.
At the conclusion of the tour, guests were invited to sign a guestbook and were given a certificate containing the guests' name, the date, the tour number, and the signature of the tour guide. Guests were also allowed to keep the VIP badge they had worn throughout the tour.
There were only five backstage tours on a given day, and they were not included in the cost of general admission.
Following the sale of Paramount Parks to Cedar Fair in 2007, a decline in admissions along with failed negotiations between Cedar Fair and the Las Vegas Hilton brought about the attraction's closure on September 1, 2008.[4]
The closing ceremony was held on September 1, 2008. The public was invited to attend the ceremony, which was presented in the tradition of a naval decommissioning ceremony. Giving the keynote at the closing was Suzie Plakson, who introduced all the members of Star Trek: The Experience staff. April Hebert, who played the Vulcan T'pril, was introduced last as the longest serving cast member of Star Trek: The Experience and given the United Federation of Planets banner. Avery Brooks and Chase Masterson were also in attendance for the closing ceremony, and Garrett Wang made a brief appearance at Quark's shortly before closing. Chad Boutte, Operations Manager of Star Trek: The Experience, gave the final speech with the final words "live long and prosper".
Mayor Oscar Goodman stated in a news conference on October 16, 2008, that a possible deal to move and reopen core elements of STTE was being negotiated between CBS and Rohit Joshi, developer of the Neonopolis Mall. The first phase of the reopening was rumored to coincide with the theatrical release of the next Star Trek film on May 8, 2009.
Despite the announced license deal, the remnants of the attraction, including the Quark's Bar sign, wardrobe, and furniture from the recreated set pieces, were sold during a warehouse sale in April 2010 and at a larger auction that August. Anything deemed unsellable due to size or damage, or that remained unsold at the end of the warehouse sale, was destroyed. Under the terms of Paramount's original license, the various items (ships, models, etc.) constructed for the attraction reverted to Paramount's ownership upon the attraction's closure.
Plans to move Star Trek: The Experience stalled when Neonopolis lost the license due to noncompliance with the terms of the contract due to loss and lack of funding. Joshi's entire quick-save project was all occurring in the long shadow of the September 2008 stock market crash and resulting Great Recession, then just getting underway.[2]
Star Trek: The Experience was designed by Landmark Entertainment. It received an Award for Outstanding Achievement from the Themed Entertainment Association in 1998.
36°08′12″N 115°09′08″W﻿ / ﻿36.1367°N 115.1521°W﻿ / 36.1367; -115.1521The 1988 Toronto Argonauts finished in first place in the East Division with a 14–4 record. They appeared in the East Final. The 1988 season was the Argos' last season at Exhibition Stadium, they would move into their new stadium, SkyDome, the following year.
The Toronto Argonauts drafted the following players in the 1988 CFL Draft.[3]
[4]
[5]
[5]

This Canadian football-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Barton Arvin Shirley  (born January 4, 1940) is a former Major League Baseball infielder. He played in 75 games in four seasons (1964, 1966–1968) for the Los Angeles Dodgers and New York Mets. He also played in Japan for two seasons with the Chunichi Dragons in 1971–1972.
From 1973–1975 he managed in Class-A minor leagues for the Dodgers.
Margaret Thaler Singer (July 29, 1921 – November 23, 2003) was an American clinical psychologist and researcher with her colleague Lyman Wynne on family communication.[2] She was a prominent figure in the study of undue influence in social and religious contexts, and a proponent of the brainwashing theory of cults.
Singer's main areas of research included schizophrenia, family therapy, brainwashing and coercive persuasion. In the 1960s, she began to study the nature of social and religious group influence and brainwashing, and sat as a board member of the American Family Foundation and as an advisory board member of the Cult Awareness Network. She was the co-author of the book Cults in Our Midst.
Singer was born in Denver, Colorado, to Margaret McDonough Thaler and Raymond Willard Thaler.[3] Her mother was a secretary to a federal judge and her father was chief operating engineer at the US Mint.[4] While attending the University of Denver, she played cello in the Denver Civic Symphony.[4] She received her Bachelor of Arts in speech and a Master of Science in speech pathology and special education from the University of Denver.[4] Singer received her Doctor of Philosophy (PhD) degree in clinical psychology from the University of Denver in 1943.[5]
After obtaining her PhD in clinical psychology, Singer worked at the University of Colorado's School of Medicine's department of psychiatry for eight years.[5] In 1953, she started working at Walter Reed Army Medical Center, where she specialized in studying the returned prisoners of war who had been brainwashed by their captors into denouncing the United States and supporting North Korea and China.[4]
In the scientific community, Singer was best known and respected for her studies in schizophrenia and family therapy.[6] She conducted research with the National Institute of Mental Health, the United States Air Force, and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.[4]  Singer was a guest lecturer of psychology at University of California, Berkeley, from 1964 to 1991, and she served as a faculty member and lecturer at other University of California campuses as well as the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, the University of Rochester, and other institutions.[7]
Singer's work on family communication won her a place as one of the pioneers in the developing field of family therapy.[8] As noted in one obituary, her collaboration with Lyman Wynne was particularly important.
Singer began to study brainwashing in the 1950s at Walter Reed in Washington, DC, where she interviewed United States soldiers who had been taken prisoner during the Korean War.[4][9] Beginning in the late 1960s, she expanded her studies in the field of cults and published a number of articles on mind control ("psychological coercion") and similar areas. She developed theories about how cults recruit and retain members (such as her Theory of Systematic Manipulation of Social and Psychological Influence) and was on the board of many of the major anti-cult groups and organizations in the United States. At one point, Singer interviewed Charles Manson.[10]
By the 1970s, Singer was a leading researcher in the field of psychosomatic medicine, and became the first female and first psychologist President of the American Psychosomatic Society in 1974.[11] She also served as a member of the Kaiser Foundation Research Institute review board and the American Family Foundation board.[12]
Singer testified as a brainwashing expert at the trial of Patty Hearst, presenting her conclusions that Hearst had been brainwashed, but outside the jury's presence.[4] Singer described Hearst as "a low-IQ, low-affect zombie" and testified that by using speech patterns, she determined that Hearst was reading statements prepared by her captors.[4] Prosecutors argued that Singer's testimony should not be presented to the jury because brainwashing had never before been accepted as a field of expertise upon which expert testimony could be presented.[4] The judge decided in favor of the prosecution, and Hearst was convicted.[4] Singer's testimony was widely reported, which increased her reputation as a brainwashing expert.[4]
Singer played a role in the "Hillside Strangler" trial of Kenneth Bianchi. Singer concluded that Bianchi had faked symptoms of multiple personality disorder, in order to escape responsibility for the murders of several women in Los Angeles.[10] Later, she spoke about the trial on PBS Frontline in a special show entitled: "The Mind of a Murderer." Singer asserted that Bianchi was a psychopath, and stated: "He may simply be evil."[10]
Her expert testimony was no longer accepted after the report of the APA Task Force on Deceptive and Indirect Methods of Persuasion and Control, of which she was chair, was rejected by the Board of Social and Ethical Responsibility for Psychology (BSERP) of the American Psychological Association.[13] Melton has written that afterward, courts began to shift toward accepting the position held by the great majority of scholars studying new religious movements, moving away from the minority perspective of Singer and others sympathetic to her brainwashing claims.[14] According to Melton, this had significant consequences later on, since it meant that brainwashing could no longer be used as a defense for the practice of deprogramming.[14]
In the early 1980s, some American mental health professionals became well-known figures due to their involvement as expert witnesses in court cases against groups they considered to be cults. In their testimonies they presented theories of brainwashing, mind control, or coercive persuasion to support the legal positions of former group members against their former groups.
The American Psychological Association (APA) in 1983 asked Singer, who was one of the leading proponents of coercive persuasion theories, to chair a taskforce to investigate whether brainwashing or "coercive persuasion" did indeed play a role in recruitment by such groups. The task force was called the APA Task Force on Deceptive and Indirect Methods of Persuasion and Control (DIMPAC). The task force completed its final report in November 1986. In May 1987 the APA Board of Social and Ethical Responsibility for Psychology (BSERP) rejected the DIMPAC final report, stating that the report "lack[ed] the scientific rigor and evenhanded critical approach necessary for APA imprimatur," and also stating that the BSERP did "not believe that we have sufficient information available to guide us in taking a position on this issue."[15]
Singer and her associate, sociologist Richard Ofshe, subsequently sued the APA, and a group of scholars and lawyers, in 1992 for "defamation, frauds, aiding and abetting and conspiracy,"[16] and lost in 1994.[17] In a further ruling, James R. Lambden ordered Ofshe and Singer to pay 80,000 USD in attorneys' fees under California's SLAPP-suit law. At that time, Singer and Ofshe declared their intention to sue Michael Flomenhaft, the lawyer that represented them in the case, for malpractice.[18]
Singer was subsequently not accepted by judges as an expert witness in four cases alleging brainwashing and mind control.[19][20][21][22] After the report was rejected, Singer reworked much of the rejected material into the book Cults in Our Midst: The Hidden Menace in Our Everyday Lives, which she co-authored with Janja Lalich.[23]
In 1996, Landmark Education sued Singer for defamation.[24] Singer mentioned Landmark Education in Cults in our Midst; it was unclear whether she labeled Landmark Education as a cult or not. Singer issued a statement stating that she did not intend to call Landmark a cult, nor did she consider it a cult.[25]
Amanda Scioscia reported in the Phoenix New Times that Singer never called Landmark a cult, but that she described it as a "controversial new age training course". She also stated that she would not recommend the group to anyone, and would not comment on whether Landmark used coercive persuasion for fear of legal recrimination from Landmark.[24]
Singer faced harassment, including death threats and dead animals placed on her doorstep, from groups that disagreed with her views on cults.[4][7] According to Richard Behar's article in Time magazine, Singer was an outspoken critic of Scientology and was known to travel under an assumed name to avoid harassment.[26]
Her criticism of cults and their brainwashing tactics resulted in harassment of Singer's family and students as well, including breaking into Singer's office, stealing students' term papers and sending notes to Singer's students.[9] According to the Los Angeles Times, other examples included cult operatives going through Singer's trash and mail, picketing her lectures, hacking into her computer, and releasing live rats in her house.[4][26]
Singer was married to Jerome R. Singer, a physicist and professor at University of California, Berkeley.[4] The couple had two children.[4]
Margaret Singer died of pneumonia on November 23, 2003, in Berkeley, California, at the Alta Bates Medical Center at the age of 82. Singer was survived by her husband, two children, and five grandchildren.[5][7]
Burkina Faso Olympic football team represents Burkina Faso in international football competitions in Olympic Games. The selection is limited to players under the age of 23, except during the Olympic Games where the use of three overage players is allowed. The team is controlled by the Burkinabé Football Federation.
20-man Squad called for the 2015 All-Africa Games.[1]Chociebórz [xɔˈt͡ɕɛbuʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamiennik, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Kamiennik, 19 km (12 mi) north-west of Nysa, and 59 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Opole.

This Nysa County article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Slovak Extraliga 2004–05 was the twelfth regular season of the Slovak Extraliga, the top level of professional ice hockey in Slovakia. During the 2004–05 NHL lockout several Slovak players returned to their homeland, including Pavol Demitra, Marián Hossa, Marián Gáborík (all in HK Dukla Trenčín), Miroslav Šatan and Ľubomír Višňovský (both in HC Slovan Bratislava), Michal Handzuš, Richard Zedník and Vladimír Országh (all in HKm Zvolen), Ladislav Nagy and Martin Štrbák (both in HC Košice), and Žigmund Pálffy (in HK 36 Skalica).
Key - GP: Games played, W: Wins, OTW: Over time wins, T: Ties, OTL: Over time losses, L: Losses, GF: Goals for, GA: Goals against, PTS: Points.
* Dubnica sold license for the 2005-06 season to Martin due to financial troubles.
Regular season
Key - GP: Games played, G: Goals, A: Assists, PTS: Points.
Play-off

Charles Booth (15 August 1869 – September 1898) was an English footballer who played for Wolverhampton Wanderers and Woolwich Arsenal.
Booth was born in Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, and started at his hometown club Gainsborough Trinity before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1889. He made his Football League debut on 7 September 1889 in a 2–0 win over Notts County.
He spent three seasons with the Midlands side before moving south to join Woolwich Arsenal in 1892. He was a regular in the side straight away, scoring five goals in the 1892–93 season (making him joint-top scorer with James Henderson).
Booth remained in the Arsenal side when they joined the Football League Second Division in 1893, playing at outside left in Arsenal's very first League match, against Newcastle United on 2 September 1893. He continued to play in the side until a 3–0 defeat to Lincoln City on 3 February 1894. Booth lost his place to Thomas Bryan and later moved to Loughborough.
He died in September 1898, aged 28.
Cauly Oliveira Souza (born 15 September 1995), commonly known as Cauly,[1] is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for  Bahia.[2]
For the 2017–18 season, he moved to MSV Duisburg.[3] For the 2019–20 season, he signed with SC Paderborn.[4] On 13 January 2020, he signed with Ludogorets Razgrad.[5][6]
Ludogorets Razgrad
Bahia

This biographical article related to a Brazilian association football midfielder born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Courbiac (French pronunciation: [kuʁbjak]; Occitan: Corbiac) is a commune in the Lot-et-Garonne department in south-western France. It is located 30 km east of Villeneuve-sur-Lot.

This Lot-et-Garonne geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Känslor säljer / Miljonär is the third studio album by Swedish indie pop band Solen.[3] It was released on 24 March 2017. The album was nominated for the 2018 Grammis Award for "Best Rock" album.[4]
All lyrics are written by Solen; all music is composed by Solen
Robert O' Driscoll (born 20 February 1989) is an Irish hurler who played at right corner-forward for the Cork senior team, under 21 team and minor team.
Born in Glanmire, County Cork, O'Driscoll first arrived on the inter-county scene at the age of 18 when he first linked up with the Cork minor team losing to Tipperary in the Munster final and then at 19 was called up to cork under 21 team .  He made his senior debut in the 2009 National Hurling League. O'Driscoll has since gone on to play with cork seniors in 2009, however, he has enjoyed little success in terms of silverware.
At club level O'Driscoll plays with Sarsfields and has won three championship medals and one county minor medal .
O'Driscoll plays his club hurling with Sarsfields and has experienced success.
On 28 September 2008 he lined out in his first senior championship decider with Bride Rovers providing the opposition. A goal by O'Driscoll with seven minutes of normal time left proved the decisive score as Sarsfield's claimed a 2-14 to 2-13 victory. It was O'Driscoll's first championship medal.
After surrendering their championship crown to Newtownshandrum in 2009, Sarsfields reached a third successive championship decider on 10 October 2010. Glen Rovers, who were playing in their first championship decider in nineteen years, provided the opposition. Michael Cussen set up Kieran Murphy for a key point late in the game. A narrow 1-17 to 0-18 victory gave O'Driscoll a second championship medal.
Sarsfields failed to retain the title once again, however, on 7 October 2012 O'Driscoll lined out in his fourth championship decider in five years.[1] Sars were the more experienced side as Bishopstown were the surprise finalists. In spite of this, it took a late goal from O'Driscoll to secure a 1-15 to 1-13 victory.[2][3][4][5]
O'Driscoll first came to prominence on the inter-county scene as a member of the so-called Cork "development panel" in late 2008.This new team came into being as a result of the 2008 hurling panel's refusal to play under manager Gerald McCarthy. O'Driscoll first lined out for Cork in a challenge game to celebrate the 150th anniversary of St. Colman's College. On that occasion the new Cork team defeated a star-studded St. Colman's team which featured many Cork stars of the past.
After making his competitive debut in a 4-14 to 1-14 defeat by Dublin in the opening round of the 2009 National Hurling League .
The resignation of Gerald McCarthy as manager resulted in the 2008 panel returning to the inter-county set-up. O driscoll has been a member of the extended on extended cork senior panel.
[6][7][8][9][10]Aladár Pege (8 October 1939 – 23 September 2006) was a jazz musician from Hungary.  He was well known for his work and was dubbed "the Paganini of double bass".
He was chosen as best soloist of Europe in 1970, performed at Carnegie Hall and worked with Herbie Hancock.
This was quite rare during the communist era, when Hungarian (and other Eastern bloc countries') artists were seriously restricted in foreign travel.
He spent his last decades teaching at the Franz Liszt Academy of Music in Budapest.The Smith & Wesson Model 41 is a semi-automatic pistol developed by Smith & Wesson after World War II as a competitive target pistol. It was designed with a 105 degree grip angle, the same as the Colt M1911 pistol, to maintain a consistent grip angle.[1]
In July 1947, two prototypes—numbered X-41 and X-42—were produced, tested, and improved for the next 10 years.  In 1957, the Model 41 was made available to the public for sale when Smith & Wesson produced 679 units.[2]  At the end of 1958, they had built 9,875 Model 41 pistols. A lighter 5-inch (130 mm) barrel was offered in 1958 for field use. The Model 41-1 was introduced in 1960 and was chambered in .22 Short for International Rapid Fire competition. Only 1000 were made using light aluminum slides necessary for function with the lower powered .22 Short.
In August 1963, the 5-inch heavy barrel version came into the market. Stoeger's Shooter's Bible of 1964 shows a
7+3⁄8-inch (190 mm) barrel grooved for Olympic center weights. The cocking indicator and 7+3⁄8-inch barrel were dropped in 1978.  The 7-inch (180 mm) barrel was introduced in 1978 with no provision for a muzzle brake. A 6-inch (150 mm) barrel was offered for a few months in 1991. In 1992, the Model 41 was dropped from production. In 1994, Smith & Wesson returned it to production as the Model 41 (New Model).[3]
In 1957, Smith & Wesson offered a "no frills" version of the Model 41, designated the Model 46. In 1959, it was selected by the U.S. Air Force for basic marksmanship training. About 4000 units were made in total: 2500 with a 7-inch (180 mm) barrel, 1000 with 5-inch (130 mm) barrels, and 500 with 5+1⁄2-inch (140 mm) barrels. The pistol lacked the checkering, polished blue finish, and other refinements of the Model 41. It proved to be a commercial failure with consumers who preferred the more costly Model 41, and production ceased in 1966.[4]Basil Alkazzi (Arabic: باسل القزي; born 1938), is Kuwait-born British visual artist, of Saudi Arabian–Kuwaiti heritage. As a painter he is known for metaphysical and spiritual abstract paintings.[1][2] He has lived in London and New York City.[1]
Basil Alkazzi was born in 1938, on a ship in the sea traveling from Kuwait to Britain.[3] His father Hamed Ali Alkazzi, was a merchant and from an Arab family.[4] In early childhood, he was artistic and interested in the arts. Alkazzi attended the Central School of Art in London.[5]
In the 1960s, Alkazzi worked with the human figure as a subject; and after painting for many years, the figure appeared to stretch out into the skyline or became unrecognizable forms.[6]
“pure forms, geomorphic and biomorphic, became emblematic of spirit in action [of Alkazzi's work]— pure spirit in Kandinsky’s sense of being possessed by ‘inner necessity’…”
He had a solo exhibition in 1989 at the Springfield Art Center in Springfield, Illinois.[2] His solo exhibition, "An Odyessy of Dreams" (2014) was curated by Judith K. Brodsky and displayed at the Sheldon Museum of Art in Lincoln, Nebraska.[1]
In 1986, he established the Basil Alkazzi Scholarship at the Royal College of Art in London; and a year later in 1987, established the Basil H. Alkazzi Award for young and emerging American painters.[3] Through the New York Foundation for the Arts (NYFA), Alkazzi established in 2010 two biennial awards.[3]
His work is in museum collections, including at the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City;[7] the Art Institute of Chicago;[8] the Mildred Lane Kemper Art Museum at Washington University in St. Louis;[9] the Neuberger Museum of Art in Purchase, New York;[10] and at the Nelson-Atkins Museum of Art in Kansas City.[11] His artist files can be found at the Philadelphia Museum of Art Library and Archives, and the Smithsonian American Art and Portrait Gallery Library.The Baker House is a historic house at 191 Hornbine Street in Rehoboth, Massachusetts.  This two-family house was built c. 1875–90, and is a rare period duplex in the town.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.[1]
The Baker House stands in a rural area of southern Rehoboth, on the east side of Hornbine Street north of its junction with Spring Street. It is a 1+1⁄2-story wood-frame structure, with a side-gable roof and clapboard exterior.  It is extended to the sides by flanking single story ells.  The main facade is three bays wide, with polygonal bays flanking a single center entrance.  The bays each have a pair of windows facing front, and single windows on the angled sides, with wooden panels below.  The center entrance is sheltered by a hood with heavy Italianate brackets, the exterior's only significant stylistic adornment.  A simpler entrance is found in the rightmost bay of the northern (left) ell, whose porch has also been enclosed.  Small ells were also added to the rear in the 1930s.[2]
The house was built sometime between about 1875 and 1890, based on its style.  It is said to have been built for the twin Baker brothers, John and Jim, descended from early settlers of the area.  Duplexes are rare in the town, and this one is the only one known from the late 19th century.[2]Teng River or Nam Teng is a river of Shan State, eastern Burma. It is a tributary of the Salween River.[1]
The river has its source in the Shan Hills north of Mongkung and flows roughly eastwards and then southwards past the towns of Kawnlang, Namsang and Langhko. A deep channel in the area of Langhko is called the Nam Teng canal and existed at least before 1906.[2] The Teng River joins the Salween from the right side at the village of Ta-hsopteng in Langhko District.
River Teng is repeatedly mentioned in the traditional Shan folktale 'Nang Upem and Khun Samlaw', the latter a native of Keng Tawng according to the legend. Among other instances it is the place where Khun Samlaw met Nang Upem for the first time. When suffering Nang Upem bore a still-born son by the river, she cried and did not want to put the dead baby in the river for fear it would become a fish.[3][4]

This article related to a river in Myanmar is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Irena Ossola (born April 19, 1988) is an American professional racing cyclist.[1] who last rode for the UCI Women's Team Servetto–Piumate–Beltrami TSA during the 2019 women's road cycling season.[2]

This biographical article relating to American cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Alisa Childers (born Alisa Noelle Girard; April 17, 1975) is an American author and singer, known as a member of the all-female Christian music group ZOEgirl.
Born Alisa Noelle Girard to Karen and Christian music pioneer, Chuck Girard of Love Song, she grew up in San Fernando Valley, California. She studied gymnastics and piano at a young age. At the age of 21, she moved to New York and ran a youth center in southeast Manhattan.[1]
Childers left New York and moved back to California, where she was contacted by a family friend about starting a group upon return. After a few months, Childers agreed to pursue the idea. She was introduced to Kristin Swinford-Schweain and the two began composing songs. A few months later, Chrissy Conway-Katina joined the group. In 1999, ZOEgirl was signed to Sparrow Records. While with ZOEgirl, Childers wrote the singles "I Believe", "One Day", "Unchangeable", and "Scream".[2]
ZOEgirl stayed together for seven years.[1] Their split was amicable.[3] At the end of 2006, Childers started a solo career.[4]
Childers has authored three books.
Her first, Another Gospel (Tyndale, 2020, ISBN 978-1-49644173-7) recounts her experience with progressive Christianity and deconstruction. In it she describes having attended what was portrayed as a Bible study, her conclusion that it was an attempt to destroy her faith, and her journey back to that faith.[5]
Her second, Live Your Truth and Other Lies (Tyndale, 2022, ISBN 978-1-49645566-6) continues in the same vein as her prior book, countering common phrases heard in the secular world.[6]
In January 2024 Alisa released her third book which she co-authored with Stand to Reason apologist Tim Barnett: The Deconstruction of Christianity (Tyndale, 2024, ISBN 978-1-4964-7497-1).  In this book they take a look at the recent increase of the deconstruction movement in the Church.[7]
Alisa is married to Mike Childers, who played drums for ZOEgirl.[2] On October 9, 2008, the couple had their first child together, a daughter named Dyllan Joi Childers.[8] Childers gave birth to a second child, a son named Ayden Childers, in 2011.[9]Elledge is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:RSVP cycles is a system of creative methodology for collaboration. It was developed by  Lawrence Halprin[1][2] and Anna Halprin. Lawrence Halprin presented the system in a 1969 book The RSVP Cycles: Creative Processes in the Human Environment.(Halprin 1970)[3]
By chance, when I finally put the headings together, they spelled RSVP, which is a communications idea meaning "respond".
The name is an initialism referring to its four components:[5]
Within each stage there is a micro-cycle, which includes all the other elements (e.g. scoring the resources, resourcing the performance, performing the score etc.). There is no set order in which stages should be completed, and one can jump from any element to any other element as long as there is consensus.[6]

This science article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This art-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Hurricane Gert was a large and deadly tropical cyclone that caused extensive flooding and mudslides throughout Central America and Mexico in September 1993. The seventh named storm and third hurricane of the annual hurricane season, Gert originated as a tropical depression from a tropical wave over the southwestern Caribbean Sea on September 14. The next day, the cyclone briefly attained tropical storm strength before moving ashore in Nicaragua and proceeding through Honduras. It reorganized into a tropical storm over the Gulf of Honduras on September 17, but weakened back to a depression upon crossing the Yucatán Peninsula. Once over the warm waters of the Bay of Campeche, Gert quickly strengthened into a Category 2 hurricane by September 20. The hurricane made a final landfall on the Gulf Coast of Mexico near Tuxpan, Veracruz, with peak winds of 100 mph (160 km/h). The rugged terrain disrupted the cyclone's structure; Gert entered the Pacific Ocean as a depression near the state of Nayarit on September 21, where it briefly redeveloped a few strong thunderstorms before dissipating at sea five days later.
Gert's broad wind circulation produced widespread and heavy rainfall across Central America through September 15–17. Combined with saturated soil following Tropical Storm Bret's passage a month earlier, the rain triggered widespread floods and mudslides that isolated thousands of people across numerous communities. In Costa Rica, blustery weather destroyed a national park and led to significant losses in the agricultural and tourism sectors. Much of the Mosquito Coast of Nicaragua and Honduras endured overflowing rivers, engulfing cities, villages, and crops with mud and water. Gert's winds were at their strongest upon landfall in Mexico, yet the worst effects in the country were also due to freshwater flooding after an extreme rainfall event in the Huasteca region resulted in water accumulations as high as 31.41 inches (798 mm). An increasing number of major rivers burst their banks over a period of several days, fully submerging extensive areas of land around the Pánuco basin. Tens of thousands of residents were forced to evacuate as raging floodwaters demolished scores of structures in what was described as the region's worst disaster in 40 years.
In Gert's wake, the road networks across the affected countries remained severely disrupted for extended periods of time, hampering rescue missions and relief efforts in badly flooded regions. National governments and emergency workers opened shelters and distributed food for the thousands that had lost their homes and sources of income in the storm. Throughout Central America and Mexico, Gert claimed the lives of 116 people and left 16 others missing. The disaster left swaths of private property, infrastructure, and farmland in complete ruins, amounting to damage costs of more than $170 million (1993 USD). Despite the excessive damage and catastrophic loss of life caused by the storm, the name Gert was not retired following the season, and was used again in the 1999 Atlantic hurricane season.
Hurricane Gert had a complex lifespan as a large and slow-moving tropical cyclone, repeatedly interacting with nearby landmasses and other atmospheric systems. Its genesis was traced to a tropical wave—an area of low pressure oriented north to south—that moved off the African coast to the south of Dakar on September 5, 1993. The wave tracked westward across the tropical Atlantic at a rapid pace and relatively low latitudes, where its interaction with the Intertropical Convergence Zone fostered the formation of convection. On its approach to the Caribbean, the system developed a weak low-pressure center at sea level, which crossed Trinidad on September 11. Although most of the cloud field brushed over the northern coast of South America, the system survived its contact with land and emerged over the southwestern Caribbean Sea on September 13.[1] There, owing to favorable tropospheric conditions aloft, the wave showed signs of cyclonic development, as its convection thickened into curved, well-defined bands. Given these structural changes alongside a defined surface circulation, forecasters at the National Hurricane Center (NHC) classified the system as a tropical depression at 1800 UTC on September 14, when it was located 105 miles (169 km) north of the Atlantic coast of Panama.[1][2]
From its inception onwards, the depression exhibited a rather large wind field on satellite images and radiosonde data.[1] Its broad cloud pattern gradually coalesced, and by 0900 UTC on September 15, the NHC had determined it sufficiently strong to be upgraded to Tropical Storm Gert.[3] The center of the storm proceeded west-northwestward, moving ashore near Bluefields, Nicaragua, with winds of 40 mph (64 km/h) at 1800 UTC.[1][4] Gert's interaction with land impeded additional strengthening; the storm weakened back to a tropical depression just six hours after its landfall. While the storm's center remained land-bound for nearly two days, parts of its large circulation abutted the adjacent Caribbean and Pacific waters to draw in moisture and heat. As such, Gert retained its status as a tropical cyclone on its journey northwestward across the terrains of Nicaragua and Honduras.[1] In doing so, the storm consistently defied the NHC's forecasts for its imminent dissipation.[5][6]
On September 17, Gert finally exited the coast, accessed the waters of the Gulf of Honduras and restrengthened to a tropical storm. Its duration over water—and with that any opportunity for additional strengthening—was curtailed by a mid- to upper-level trough over the eastern Gulf of Mexico; it turned the storm to the north-northwest and brought it over the coast of Belize the next day. Inland, Gert began to interact with a high-pressure ridge to its northwest, which nudged the storm slightly more to the west.[7] After crossing the Yucatán Peninsula and winding down over land,[8] Gert entered the Bay of Campeche offshore Champotón as a tropical depression late on September 18.[4][7] The open tropical waters, combined with light wind shear aloft, allowed the storm's convection to deepen and reconsolidate. At 0600 UTC the next day, Gert once more restrengthened into a tropical storm.[9] The storm veered toward the west and slowed slightly in response to a shortwave trough to its north,[10] granting it more time to mature over water.[7] On September 20, data from a United States Air Force aircraft indicated that Gert had become a hurricane with maximum winds of 75 mph (121 km/h). Within hours, it attained its peak intensity as a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir–Simpson scale, with sustained winds of 100 mph (160 km/h) and a minimum pressure of 970 mbar (hPa; 28.64 inHg).[7]
At about 2100 UTC on September 20, Gert made its final landfall at peak intensity on the coast of Mexico, just north of Tuxpan, Veracruz. The hurricane accelerated and weakened quickly over the rugged mountains of the Sierra Madre Oriental, deteriorating into a tropical depression by September 21. Despite its declining strength, the large circulation again remained intact as it crossed the country. Gert entered the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Nayarit later that day, where the NHC reclassified it as Tropical Depression Fourteen-E.[4][7] What remained of the deep convection waxed and waned in intensity; satellite estimates show the depression may have briefly regained tropical storm strength on September 22. It proceeded on a west to west-northwestward track with sparse thunderstorms for two days. Once the last of this convection diminished, the shallow cyclone was swept up by low-level flow. Steered farther and farther southwest, the depression encountered increasingly cool ocean temperatures. With any chance at redevelopment thwarted, the system dissipated at sea on September 26.[11][12]
After confirming the development of a tropical depression, authorities in Costa Rica issued a green alert[nb 1] for coastal regions on September 14.[14] The following day, a tropical storm warning was issued for the Atlantic coast of the country.[15] National television and radio stations broadcast warning messages to the public, and emergency crews were dispatched in case conditions were to warrant intervention. This helped with the effective and timely clearing of hospitals, as well as the evacuation of residents in high-risk zones.[14] A tropical storm warning was posted for the Atlantic coast of Nicaragua on September 15, extending south from Puerto Cabezas to the adjacent islands.[15] In Honduras, early storm warnings allowed several hundred residents to evacuate well ahead of Gert's arrival.[16] Once it became evident that the storm would strike the Yucatán Peninsula, coastal areas from Belize northward to Cozumel, Mexico, were placed under a tropical storm warning on September 17 until Gert's landfall the next day.[4][15]
While Gert was still located over the peninsula, the government of Mexico issued a tropical storm watch for the Gulf Coast from the city of Veracruz northward to Soto la Marina, Tamaulipas. By September 18, it was upgraded to a tropical storm warning and extended southward to Minatitlán, although the initial watch area was placed under a hurricane watch after Gert showed signs of strengthening. The next day, the tropical storm watch from Soto La Marina to Nautla was upgraded to a hurricane warning as it became clearer where Gert would make landfall.[4][15] Prior to impact, several ports along the Gulf Coast halted their operations, and people living in risk zones were evacuated.[17] All warnings and watches were discontinued after the hurricane moved inland.[15]
Gert was a large tropical cyclone for most of its lifespan; it always remained close enough to the coast to restrengthen and redevelop strong thunderstorms. In consequence, the storm produced heavy rainfall over a large area, causing extensive flooding and mudslides from Central America to Mexico. The disaster resulted in at least 116 deaths and 16 missing persons; damage to roads, property, crops and vegetation surmounted $170 million.[nb 2]
Although Gert's center remained off the coast of Costa Rica, its large circulation produced brisk winds and heavy rainfall across the country. A local weather station recorded 13.1 inches (330 mm) of rain during the storm.[18] Geologically, the hardest-hit regions consisted of sedimentary layers with poor hydraulic conductivity and were therefore prone to soil saturation.[19] The initial rainfall raised the levels of many rivers, exacerbating the flood threat. The imminent overflow of the Tempisque River prompted wide-scale evacuations, though the river crested gradually without major consequences. After hours of prolonged rainfall, many Pacific regions such as Quepos, Pérez Zeledón, and Osa experienced flooding and landslides, which inflicted moderate damage to roads and bridges.[14]
The floods ruined about 500 acres (2.0 km2) of banana crop and damaged oil palm plantations. Small-scale farmers of reed, maize, beans, and rice were also affected. The storm disrupted local fishing and wrecked several small boats in Quepos.[20] High winds brought great destruction to about 65 percent of the vegetation in the Manuel Antonio National Park, vastly impacting the tourism-driven economy of Quepos.[19] Gert left moderate property damage in its wake; it destroyed 27 homes and otherwise damaged 659, mostly because of flooding. Overall costs totaled $3.1 million, of which $1.7 million was due to the impaired infrastructure.[21] Roughly 1,000 people sought shelter during the storm. Owing to the timely preparations in the country, only one cardiac arrest fatality was attributable to Gert when a landslide buried a home.[14][22]
Moving ashore in Nicaragua a month after Tropical Storm Bret's passage, Gert caused excessive rainfall over already saturated regions.[23] Despite striking the Atlantic coast, the storm produced the largest amounts of precipitation over northern and Pacific coastal areas. A maximum of 17.8 in (450 mm) fell at Corinto; other significant totals include 17.6 in (450 mm) at Chinandega and 17.5 in (440 mm) at León. The capital of Managua recorded 9.8 in (250 mm) of rain during the event.[24] Sustained winds from the storm reached no more than 40 mph (64 km/h) upon landfall near Bluefields,[4] though they downed trees and power lines and generated high waves of up to 12 feet (3.7 m) offshore.[25][26] After weakening to a depression inland, Gert continued to produce moderate gales along its path through the country.[25]
Off the coast near Big Corn Island, rough surf and winds destroyed nine fishing boats. Two canoes with an unknown number of occupants disappeared at sea. Gert produced significant coastal flooding on moving ashore near Bluefields and Tasbapauni, prompting about 1,000 residents and hundreds of indigenous Miskito villagers to evacuate.[25] Farther inland, prolonged heavy rain caused numerous rivers to overflow, which led to disastrous freshwater flooding, especially in departments around Lake Nicaragua. Three tributaries of the Escondido River, one of which rose 32 ft (9.8 m) above normal, overflowed near the city of Rama.[27] Reaching heights of up to 40 ft (12 m), flood waters submerged 95 percent of the residential space, entering houses and vehicles and displacing 17,000 citizens. All crops in and around the city were lost in the deluge.[28][29] In the Rivas Department, the discharge from the Ochomogo River near the city of Rivas inundated several communities, while Cárdenas, a coastal community along the border with Costa Rica, endured several days of flooding rains.[27] Damage in the departments of Chontales and Boaco was considerable;[29] floods in Boaco killed five people and affected 6,000 others.[27] The affected regions endured widespread disruptions in transportation as landslides moved onto bridges and roads;[23] in Granada city, the isolation caused sanitation issues and led to the death of a pregnant woman who could not be transported to the hospital.[30]
In total, Gert destroyed 252 houses and damaged another 293 across 14 of Nicaragua's departments;[23] the storm was also responsible for considerable infrastructural damage and economic losses.[27] As many as 123,000 people were affected throughout the country, and there were 37 confirmed fatalities.[31] The impact on the ecology was profound: rivers, estuaries, and mangroves in and around lakes Nicaragua and Managua, as well as the inhabiting fauna, suffered from severe erosion and siltation.[32] Since flooding from Tropical Storm Bret had occurred just one month earlier, an exclusive damage estimate for Gert is unavailable. The two storms inflicted a combined $10.7 million in damage, primarily to private property.[33]
Although it had weakened to a depression, Gert continued to drop significant rainfall while crossing Honduras. In Tegucigalpa, at least 6.77 in (172 mm) of rain were recorded.[34] Damaging floods swept through 13 of the country's 18 departments; however, northern Honduras and the Mosquitia Region, which had already endured the onslaught of Tropical Storm Bret in the previous month, bore the brunt of the devastation. The additional flooding from Gert affected 24,000 people in the region and made communication with surrounding areas nearly impossible.[16] Elsewhere, the rain filled several major rivers, including the Ulúa;[35] many rivers across the Sula Valley had their banks destroyed, flooding much of San Pedro Sula—the country's second-largest city—and adjacent municipalities in the Cortés Department. The rising water prompted many residents to evacuate, and the Ramón Villeda Morales International Airport halted all of its operations.[16] The storm devastated Puerto Cortés, one of the most important port cities in Central America.[36] Elsewhere in the Cortés Department, a river in Choloma overflowed and triggered widespread flooding;[35] landslides in that area claimed the lives of six people.[37]
In all, Gert wrought $10 million worth of damage to roads, bridges, and property.[34] The country's agriculture was devastated, losing about 5,700 acres (23 km2) of low-lying farmland with banana, sugar, and citrus crops.[16][38] The disaster affected 67,447 people, of which roughly 60 percent had to evacuate from their homes. In its final public statement, the government of Honduras confirmed 27 deaths, though 12 missing persons remained unaccounted for.[16]
While passing through Central America, Gert generated an increase in cloudiness and showers across El Salvador,[39] with a maximum 15.35 in (390 mm) of rain recorded.[40] Strong winds uprooted trees or snapped their limbs, damaging power lines and knocking out power. In one community, mudslides destroyed a major highway.[26] The Río Grande de San Miguel caused an excessive discharge of water just southwest of Usulután,[39] washing out about 2,500 acres (10 km2) of crops from adjacent plantations. Several other areas faced significant losses from the flooding, including San Marcos and San Vicente; some property and road damage occurred in San Miguel.[26] Although fishing operations were suspended at the height the storm, four Salvadorean fishermen disappeared at sea.[39] Overall, Gert affected nearly 8,000 residents and destroyed twelve homes in El Salvador;[26][39] officials there confirmed five drowning deaths related to the storm.[39]
In Guatemala, torrential rains from Gert affected approximately 20,000 people and killed one girl. The agricultural sector in the country suffered substantial losses from the flooding, though there were no specific reports of material damage.[26] Gert moved ashore near Belize City as a minimal tropical storm, dropping rainfall in coastal areas. Just offshore, a weather station on Hunting Caye recorded 9.5 in (240 mm) during the event.[41] Despite the rain, only minor flooding occurred in Belize City.[42]
While crossing the Yucatán Peninsula, Gert dropped considerable rainfall in Quintana Roo; a 24-hour accumulation of 7.4 in (190 mm) was recorded at Chetumal, although higher localized totals of around 15 in (380 mm) fell elsewhere in the state.[12][34] Gusty winds briefly buffeted the coast during the storm's landfall, with a maximum wind speed of 44 mph (71 km/h) recorded in Chetumal.[7] The effects of the storm were limited to localized floods, however, which cut off one road to traffic and forced the inhabitants from low-lying areas in Chetumal and Felipe Carrillo Puerto to evacuate to higher ground.[43] Scattered showers also caused light flooding in parts of the state of Campeche, including Ciudad del Carmen.[44]
Upon Gert's final landfall, high gales and waves battered wide stretches of coastline in the states of Tamaulipas and Veracruz, though hurricane-force winds were largely confined to areas within the cyclone's southern eyewall.[34][45] Tuxpan, just south of where the eye moved ashore,[7] recorded wind velocities of more than 100 mph (160 km/h), while 80 mph (130 km/h) gusts occurred farther south in Poza Rica. To the north, winds reached 55 mph (89 km/h) in Tampico, Tamaulipas. Despite the severity of the winds, the worst of Gert was due to orographic lift when its broad circulation interacted with the eastern side of the Sierra Madre Oriental, generating extreme precipitation over much of the Huasteca region.[34] As many as 31.41 in (798 mm) of rain were recorded in Aquismón, San Luis Potosí, while Tempoal in Veracruz observed a 24-hour total of 13.35 in (339 mm) from the storm.[12][34]
The first signs of damage were from high winds on September 20, which uprooted trees and tore off residential roofs in Tuxpan, Naranjos, Cerro Azul, and Poza Rica.[46] Following Gert's extreme rains, catastrophic flooding struck Mexico's Huasteca region over a period of several days, as many of its rivers rose to critical levels. In Veracruz, the imminent overflow of the Tempoal, Moctezuma, and Calabozo rivers forced thousands of residents from the municipalities of Tempoal, El Higo, and Platón Sánchez to leave their homes. The Calabozo River eventually topped its banks, cutting the village of Platón Sánchez off from the outside world. By far the most devastating, however, was the overflow of the Pánuco River on September 24, which runs from the Valley of Mexico through the municipality of Pánuco and empties in the gulf. Rushing water swept through 30 of Veracruz's 212 municipalities, completely submerging more than 5,000 homes. El Higo bore the brunt of the flooding, with 90 percent of its residential area left under water.[47]
After days of continued downpours in Gert's wake, the Pánuco River rose to 27.60 ft (8.41 m) above normal by September 27—its highest level in 40 years. Once again exceeding its banks, the river destroyed a major levee in city of Pánuco, forcing 8,000 residents to evacuate.[47][48] Disastrous flooding reached as far north as southern Tamaulipas, where 5,000 people had to seek refuge. Half of Tampico was coated in deep layers of mud, with scores of structures demolished.[49] The urban areas of Madero and Altamira were also hit by the deluge.[50] Roughly 2,000,000 acres (8,100 km2) of land around the Pánuco basin and Tampico were under water, including vast amounts of citrus, coffee, corn, maiz, bean, grain, and soy crops. Telephone, water, and electricity services throughout the region were severely disrupted, and numerous communities were isolated due to broken bridges and roads.[47][49] In San Luis Potosí, water damage to schools, bridges, and roads was particularly widespread. The agricultural sector suffered heavy losses when the flooding washed away large amounts of livestock and roughly 80 percent of its crops. Throughout the state, 55,000 residents were affected by the storm, and 25 people lost their lives.[51] Gert's trail of destruction extended as far inland as Hidalgo, where 35 rivers overtopped their banks. Floods and mudslides destroyed 38 bridges and 86 roads, as well cutting off power, telephone, and water services, disrupting communication in 361 localities. Property damage in Hidalgo was significant; 4,425 homes, 121 schools, and 49 public buildings were compromised across 35 municipalities. About 167,000 acres (680 km2) of farmland were destroyed in the storm. Fifteen deaths occurred in the state, and eight people sustained injuries.[51]
Overall, Gert became the worst natural disaster to strike the region in 40 years;[47] it displaced 203,500 people—many in need of shelter—and left 29,075 houses damaged or destroyed across Mexico.[34][49] More than 667,000 acres (2,700 km2) of crops were in ruins.[47] Material damage totaled $156 million, and the death toll stood at 45.[34][49]
Because of the storm's impact on the country, the government of Costa Rica declared a national emergency on September 16, 1993.[19] Emergency crews were dispatched to assess the damage and distribute life supplies to the affected population, including 90,940 pounds (41,250 kg) of food, 1,422 mattresses, and 1,350 blankets.[14] With much of the road network left disrupted across the affected regions, the country's agriculture, tourism, and commerce suffered considerable losses.[20] In particular, the obstruction of the major Pan-American Highway, which connects the central region to the south of the country, had a discernible impact on the local economy. Following the expansive flooding of farmland, many independent crop producers were unable to partake in subsequent sowings.[20]
Prior to Gert, a state of emergency had been in effect for Nicaragua as a result of Tropical Storm Bret. National and regional aid agencies, including the Red Cross, accordingly extended their relief efforts with the passage of Gert.[23] Following the widespread muddy floods, many rural areas along the coast where the storm made landfall necessitated purification of their water wells and reconstruction of those that had been destroyed.[28]  Although the government did not reappeal for international assistance, several cash donations were made by overseas organizations through a transfer channel at the Swiss Bank Corporation. The United Nations Development Programme provided $50,000 for the purchase of fuel, and UNICEF distributed $25,000 worth of household supplies and medicine. The World Food Programme donated 160,000 lbs (72 tonnes) of food supplies and offered disaster expert services. The federal governments of Japan, Canada, Switzerland, Norway, Germany, and Spain donated a combined $300,000 in aid.[23]
On September 18, the President of Honduras declared a state of emergency for several municipalities after surveying the affected regions by helicopter. The governments of Japan, Canada, Germany, and the United Kingdom provided a combined $310,300 for the purchase of relief items. Although most storm victims received aid within a few days, the deteriorated road network caused a large delay in relief efforts to the hard-hit Mosquitia region. Sewage systems and waterworks countrywide were in serious need of restoration.[16] With the destruction of its sole water reservoir, much of Puerto Cortés endured potable water shortages for months in Gert's wake.[36] Public health concerns rose in the wake of Gert, with the cost of required medicines pinned at $208,000.[16] A contamination of the water supplies in rural areas exacerbated a cholera outbreak.[52] By September 28, about 27,000 residents unable to reenter their flooded homes remained in government shelters. Seven weeks later, a temporary housing project was implemented for the 120 families most in need. Approximately 5,900 families across Honduras lost their source of income due to the storm.[16]
In response to the flood disaster, the Red Cross immediately began distributing aid to victims across the Huasteca region. After assessing the situation by helicopter, the President of Mexico declared the Pánuco river basin an emergency zone and ordered search and rescue missions.[49][50] Many homes sustained irreparable damage to their roofs, leaving tens of thousands homeless. The government appealed for international aid, seeking clothes, food, and medical supplies.[49] Five storage centers in Hidalgo provided more than 93 million lbs (42,000 tonnes) of food supplies. Throughout San Luis Potosí, 142,000 lb (64 t) of chicken, 45,000 pantries, and 76,000 disposable plates were distributed, as well as 50,440 blankets and 6,081 airbeds.[51] Several schools served as shelters for the homeless;[51] the sheltered elderly, children, and pregnant or nursing women received $27,000 worth of milk powder donations.[49]
In the wake of Gert, the amount of respiratory disease and skin infection cases rose slightly, although the overall health situation for the country remained well under control. By two weeks after the hurricane, over 65,000 people across the region had been accommodated in shelters; most stayed there until the floods receded, although many who returned home a month later continued to rely on relief provisions. A grant of $22,000 was made available for the purchase of roofing sheets for those in urgent need of home repair. The president approved $37.4 million to commence reconstruction of roads and houses and to assist farmers throughout the region.[49]

The 2019 Speed Energy Stadium Super Trucks Series was the seventh season of the Stadium Super Trucks series. Defending champion Matthew Brabham retained his title with a five-win season and a 54-point advantage over runner-up Robby Gordon.
The 2019 season saw the return of the trucks to Australia to finish the year, ending a year-long ban on the series by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport (CAMS). This eventually led to the creation of the Boost Mobile Super Trucks championship for the 2020 season.
The 2019 season began at the Circuit of the Americas in Austin, running as a support event to the IndyCar Series' IndyCar Classic.[20] Continental AG's Continental Tire brand made its SST debut during the weekend, providing the TerrainContact A/T tire for four drivers and fielding a truck for Ryan Beat; two-time SST champion Sheldon Creed, NASCAR veteran Greg Biffle, and sports car driver Ryan Eversley also drove the truck during the season.[21][22] Blade Hildebrand and Matthew Brabham won the weekend's races, the former recording his first career SST victory.[23][24]
A week later, the series remained in Texas to join the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series' O'Reilly Auto Parts 500 weekend at Texas Motor Speedway; it was SST's first weekend as an undercard to strictly NASCAR events, and the third consecutive season it raced at the track.[25] SST's racing, dubbed the Outdoor Powersports Offroad Rumble,[26] saw Creed win both races.[27] In the first event, Brabham, Robby Gordon, and Jeff Hoffman were involved in a wreck that saw the trio roll over on the ramp.[28] The following race featured Bill Hynes rolling onto a barrier for a red flag; shortly after the event was halted, Gordon nearly collided with a safety vehicle attending to Hynes' truck, but braked on time; Gordon explained his radio with race officials had failed.[29]
At Long Beach, Baja 1000 racer and SST test driver Zach Van Matre made his series debut, while Japanese driver E. J. Chiba returned to SST for the first time since Texas in 2018.[30][31] In the first race, Brabham battled with Creed for the win, with the former securing the position with two laps left and holding on to the win.[32] Gordon won the second round.[33]
In July, the series returned to Honda Indy Toronto for the first time since 2016.[34] NASCAR driver Casey Mears and Canadian driver Russell Boyle ran their first race of the year, while Eversley made his SST debut.[35][22] Cole Potts won the first round after it was shortened due to weather, while Gavin Harlien won the second; with two second-place finishes, Brabham claimed the overall weekend victory.[36]
On July 27–28, SST competed at Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course for the first time,[37] with Biffle and series veteran Arie Luyendyk Jr. making their first starts of the season.[38][39] Biffle and Harlien battled for much of the first race before the latter fell back with mechanical issues. On the final restart, Potts took the lead from Biffle to win the round. Harlien started on the pole for the second race and led every lap.[40][41] The series returned to the track two weeks later to support the NASCAR Xfinity Series' B&L Transport 170.[42] Gordon won the Friday round and Brabham on Saturday.[43]
At Road America, a pair of off-road racers in 14-year-old John Holtger and 19-year-old Christopher Polvoorde made their SST debuts.[44][45] In the first race, Brabham made contact with Harlien on the final lap that sent the two into a spin that Potts capitalized on to win. Brabham and Harlien were involved in further battles in the second round until the former exited with mechanical failure, with the latter winning the second and third races.[46]
Nine drivers, including four with stock car racing experience (Creed, Gordon, Harlien, and Mears), ran the Portland International Raceway weekend with IndyCar.[47] Creed, in his first SST race since Long Beach, won the first round, while Brabham won race two. Kevin Savoree, head of Grand Prix of Portland organizer Green Savoree Racing Promotions, described the series as being a "fan favorite" that helped raise interest in the weekend.[48]
In late October, SST returned to Australia for the Gold Coast 600 weekend at Surfers Paradise Street Circuit, consummating an agreement formed between the series and the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport (CAMS) to lift the latter's ban on the former in 2018.[49][50] Reigning Dakar Rally champion Toby Price, Aussie Racing Cars driver Matt Nolan, former Supercars Championship winner Russell Ingall, and 2017 series champion Paul Morris returned to the series for the weekend, while Biffle joined for his first racing in Australia.[51][52][53][54] In the first race, Price dominated by leading nearly every lap from the pole but was spun by Brabham in turn 11 on the final lap, leading to Gordon taking the win.[55] The second race saw Morris battle with Potts for much of the event before the two collided at the white lap, which Brabham capitalized on to win.[56]
The microwave landing system (MLS) is an all-weather, precision radio guidance system intended to be installed at large airports to assist aircraft in landing, including 'blind landings'.[1] MLS enables an approaching aircraft to determine when it is aligned with the destination runway and on the correct glidepath for a safe landing. MLS was intended to replace or supplement the instrument landing systems (ILS). MLS has a number of operational advantages over ILS, including a wider selection of channels to avoid interference with nearby installations, excellent performance in all weather, a small "footprint" at the airports, and wide vertical and horizontal "capture" angles that allowed approaches from wider areas around the airport.
Although some MLS systems became operational in the 1990s, the widespread deployment envisioned by some aviation agencies never became a reality. There were two reasons: (economic) while technically superior to ILS, MLS did not offer sufficiently greater capabilities to justify adding MLS receivers to aircraft equipage; and (potentially superior third system) GPS-based systems, notably WAAS, allowed the expectation of a similar level of positioning with no equipment needed at the airport. GPS/WAAS dramatically lowers an airport's cost of implementing precision "like" landing approaches, which is particularly important at small airports. For these reasons, most existing MLS systems in North America have been turned off. GPS/WAAS-based LPV 'Localizer Performance with Vertical guidance' approaches provide vertical guidance comparable to ILS Category I and FAA-published LPV approaches currently outnumber ILS approaches at US airports.
Though initially MLS appeared to be of interest in Europe, where concerns over the availability of GPS in Europe were an issue, widespread installation never occurred.  Further deployment of the system is not likely. Rather, several European airports have implemented LPV approaches based on the EGNOS (WAAS-compatible) satellite system.
MLS employs 5 GHz transmitters at the landing place which use passive electronically scanned arrays to send scanning beams towards approaching aircraft. An aircraft that enters the scanned volume uses a special receiver that calculates its position by measuring the arrival times of the beams.
The US version of MLS, a joint development between the FAA, NASA, and the United States Department of Defense, was designed to provide precision navigation guidance for exact alignment and descent of aircraft on approach to a runway. It provides azimuth, elevation, and distance, as well as "back azimuth" for navigating away from an aborted landing or missed approach. MLS channels were also used for short-range communications with airport controllers, allowing long-distance frequencies to be handed over to other aircraft.
In Australia, design work commenced on a version of MLS in 1972.  Most of this work was done jointly by the Federal Department of Civil Aviation (DCA), and the Radio Physics Division of the CSIRO. The project was called Interscan, one of several microwave landing systems under consideration internationally. Interscan was chosen by the FAA in 1975 and by the International Civil Aviation Organization in 1978 as the format to be adopted. An engineered version of the system, called MITAN, was developed by industry (AWA and Hawker de Havilland) under a contract with DCA's successor, the Department of Transport, and successfully demonstrated at Melbourne Airport in the late 1970s. The white antenna dishes could still be seen at Melbourne Airport until 2003 when they were dismantled.
This initial research was followed by the formation of Interscan International limited in Sydney, Australia in 1979 which manufactured MLS systems that were subsequently deployed in the US, EU, Taiwan, China and Australia. The Civil Aviation Authority (United Kingdom) developed a version of MLS, which is installed at Heathrow Airport and other airports, because of the greater incidence of instrument approaches with Cat II/III weather.
Compared with the existing instrument landing system (ILS), MLS had significant advantages. The antennas were much smaller, using a higher frequency signal. They also did not have to be placed at a specific location at the airport, and could "offset" their signals electronically. This made placement easier compared with the physically larger ILS systems, which had to be placed at the ends of the runways and along the approach path.
Another advantage was that the MLS signals covered a very wide fan-shaped area off the end of the runway, allowing controllers to direct aircraft approaching from a variety of directions or guide aircraft along a segmented approach. In comparison, ILS could only guide the aircraft down a single straight line, requiring controllers to distribute planes along that line. MLS allowed aircraft to approach from whatever direction they were already flying in, as opposed to flying to a parking orbit before "capturing" the ILS signal. This was particularly valuable at larger airports, as it could allow the aircraft to be separated horizontally much closer to the airport. Similarly in elevation, the fan shaped coverage allows for variations in descent rate, making MLS useful for aircraft with steeper approach angles such as helicopters, fighters and the space shuttle.
Unlike ILS, which required a variety of frequencies to broadcast the various signals, MLS used a single frequency, broadcasting the azimuth and altitude information one after the other. This reduced the chance of frequency conflicts, as did the fact that the frequencies used were far away from FM broadcasts, another problem with ILS. MLS also offered two hundred separate channels, making conflicts between airports in the same area easily preventable.
Finally, the accuracy was greatly improved over ILS. For instance, standard DME equipment used with ILS offered range accuracy of only ±1200 feet. MLS improved this to ±100 ft in what they referred to as DME/P (for precision), and offered similar improvements in azimuth and altitude. This allowed MLS to guide extremely accurate CAT III approaches, whereas this normally required an expensive ground-based high precision radar.
Similar to other precision landing systems, lateral and vertical guidance may be displayed on conventional course deviation indicators or incorporated into multipurpose cockpit displays. Range information can also be displayed by conventional DME indicators and also incorporated into multipurpose displays.
It was originally intended that ILS would remain in operation until 2010 before being replaced by MLS. The system was only being installed experimentally in the 1980s when the FAA began to favor GPS. Even in the worst cases, GPS offered at least 300 ft accuracy, not as good as MLS, but much better than ILS. GPS also worked "everywhere", not just off the end of the runways. This meant that a single navigation instrument could replace both short and long-range navigation systems, offer better accuracy than either, and required no ground-based equipment.
The performance of GPS, namely vertical guidance accuracy near the runway threshold and the integrity of the system have not been able to match historical ICAO standards and practices. Greater GPS accuracy could be provided by sending out "correcting signals" from ground-based stations, which would improve the accuracy to about 10 m in the worst case, far outperforming MLS. Initially it was planned to send these signals out over short-range FM transmissions on commercial radio frequencies, but this proved to be too difficult to arrange. Today a similar signal is instead sent across all of North America via commercial satellites, in a system known as WAAS. However WAAS is not capable of providing CAT II or CAT III standard signals for air carrier autoland (though WAAS approaches can provide accurate enough guidance for emergency autoland capability in aircraft so equipped using Garmin Autoland) and so a Local Area Augmentation System, or LAAS, must be used.
The microwave scanning beam landing system (MSBLS) was a Ku band approach and landing navigation aid used by NASA's Space Shuttle.[2][3][4][5][6] It provided precise elevation, directional and distance data which was used to guide the orbiter for the last two minutes of flight until touchdown. The signal was typically usable from a horizontal distance of approximately 28 km and from an altitude of approximately 5 km (18,000 feet).
MSBLS installations used by NASA were certified every two years for accuracy. From 2004, the Federal Aviation Administration worked with NASA to execute this verification. Previously, only NASA aircraft and equipment were used. Testing of the Kennedy Space Center's MSBLS in 2004 revealed an accuracy of 5 centimeters.
The Space Shuttle landing approach started with a glide slope of 19 degrees, which is over six times steeper than the typical 3-degree slope of commercial jet airliners.
The system may be divided into five functions: Approach azimuth, Back azimuth, Approach elevation, Range and Data communications.
The azimuth station transmits MLS angle and data on one of 200 channels within the frequency range of 5031 to 5090.7 MHz and is normally located about 1,000 feet (300 m) beyond the stop end of the runway, but there is considerable flexibility in selecting sites. For example, for heliport operations the azimuth transmitter can be collocated with the elevation transmitter.
The azimuth coverage extends: Laterally, at least 40 degrees on either side of the runway centerline in a standard configuration. In elevation, up to an angle of 15 degrees and to at least 20,000 feet (6 km), and in range, to at least 20 nautical miles (37 km) (See FIG 1-1-8.)
The elevation station transmits signals on the same frequency as the azimuth station. A single frequency is time-shared between angle and data functions and is normally located about 400 feet from the side of the runway between runway threshold and the touchdown zone.
Elevation coverage is provided in the same airspace as the azimuth guidance signals: In elevation, to at least +15 degrees; Laterally, to fill the Azimuth lateral coverage and in range, to at least 20 nautical miles (37 km) (See FIG 1-1-9.)
The MLS Precision Distance Measuring Equipment (DME/P) functions in the same way as the navigation DME, but there are some technical differences. The beacon transponder operates in the frequency band 962 to 1105 MHz and responds to an aircraft interrogator. The MLS DME/P accuracy is improved to be consistent with the accuracy provided by the MLS azimuth and elevation stations.
A DME/P channel is paired with the azimuth and elevation channel. A complete listing of the 200 paired channels of the DME/P with the angle functions is contained in FAA Standard 022 (MLS Interoperability and Performance Requirements).
The DME/N or DME/P is an integral part of the MLS and is installed at all MLS facilities unless a waiver is obtained. This occurs infrequently and only at outlying, low density airports where marker beacons or compass locators are already in place.
The data transmission can include both the basic and auxiliary data words. All MLS facilities transmit basic data. Where needed, auxiliary data can be transmitted. MLS data are transmitted throughout the azimuth (and back azimuth when provided) coverage sectors. Representative data include: Station identification, Exact locations of azimuth, elevation and DME/P stations (for MLS receiver processing functions), Ground equipment performance level; and DME/P channel and status.
MLS identification is a four-letter designation starting with the letter M. It is transmitted in International Morse Code at least six times per minute by the approach azimuth (and back azimuth) ground equipment.[7]
Auxiliary data content: Representative data include: 3-D locations of MLS equipment, Waypoint coordinates, Runway conditions and Weather (e.g., RVR, ceiling, altimeter setting, wind, wake vortex, wind shear).
In the United States, the FAA suspended the MLS program in 1994 in favor of the GPS (Wide Area Augmentation System WAAS). The FAA's inventory of instrument flight procedures no longer includes any MLS locations;[8] the last two were eliminated in 2008.[citation needed]
Due to different operational conditions in Europe many countries (particularly those known for low visibility conditions) were expected to embrace the MLS system as a replacement to ILS. However, in reality the only major installation was London Heathrow Airport, which was decommissioned on 31 May 2017. Other major airports, such as Frankfurt Airport which were expected to install MLS have instead installed ground-based augmentation system (GBAS) systems and published GBAS-based approach procedures.[9][10]
As more GBAS system are installed, then the further installation of MLS or continued operation of existing systems must be in doubt.[11]
The Luckey, Platt & Company Department Store building is located at the corner of Main and Academy streets in downtown Poughkeepsie, New York, United States. For most of the 20th century it was a major retail destination not only for the city but the entire Hudson Valley.[1] Its closure in 1981, after years of losing customers to suburban shopping malls, was a serious blow to the city's Main Mall. The structure remained vacant until December 2008, when after several years of renovation it was reopened as a residential development with 143 rental apartments, with additional commercial space on the ground floor, as an anchor and catalyst for further downtown revitalization.[2]
The massive, gray, five-story Classical Revival structure was designed by Edward C. Smith a leading Poughkeepsie architect at the time and opened in 1923. Previous articles have given a fellow Poughkeepsie architect, Percival Lloyd, credit for the design but he died in 1915. Edward Smith had worked for Percival Lloyd at one time but opened his own office in 1910. There are from 11-17 bays. The roofline features a parapet roof with a molded cornice below featuring small lion's heads. The frieze has other features of the style, such as anthemion brackets, egg-and-dart and dentil moldings. Further down the facade are found pilasters with foliated capitals.[1]
Immediately adjacent on either street are older, more Italianate buildings which housed the store's operations before the construction of the main building. They are included as contributing resources to its 1982 listing in the National Register of Historic Places.
The company long predated the building, and even its name. In 1869, Edmund Platt bought Luckey's, a retailer that had been established in 1835 as Crandle & Smith, and later renamed Dribble's before getting its eventual name.[3] Luckey's was ahead of its time in charging a fixed price for every item in the store, and doing business only in cash.[1]
The partners moved it to the first of the three original Main Street buildings five years later, beginning a half-century of rapid growth at that location, with the help of a third partner, Smith DeGarmo. In 1882 they added an elevator so patrons could more easily navigate the store.[1]
By 1901 it was necessary to expand again and two more buildings were purchased. Nine years later an annex was built to sell furniture. The store considered itself "the peer of all mercantile establishments on the Hudson River and the most complete store of its kind in any city in the U.S. the size of Poughkeepsie." Their advertisements claimed to have the equivalent of 30 stores under one roof, 175 sales clerks and 2 miles (3.2 km) of counter space.[1]
The new building was completed in 1923. For almost half a century afterwards, the store remained the region's major retailer, although it did not grow as it had in its earlier years. By the early 1970s, however, increasing suburbanization and the growth of the automobile had given it its first serious competition, in the form of the South Hills Mall. Luckey Platt opened a branch at one, the Dutchess Mall, roughly 10 miles south of Poughkeepsie near Fishkill,[4] but it still lost customers.
In the early 1970s, the city tried to revive its downtown by closing off the two blocks of Main Street both east and west of the store to create Main Mall, a pedestrian mall that would offer shoppers a comparable experience to the suburban malls. Since it was necessary to raze some other adjacent stores and buildings to create parking lots, the plan actually exacerbated the neighborhood's decline.[5] Seven years after the mall was created, in 1981, Luckey Platt closed both its main store and the Dutchess Mall branch.
The building has remained vacant since then. Ownership eventually reverted to the city. In the early 1990s, Dutchess County needed space to expand its nearby courthouse and considered using the building. Instead, it built a new annex next to the existing courthouse. Artist Peter Max looked into starting a museum and arts center in the building in the early 2000s.[6] But the deal fell through, and three of the building's upper floors collapsed the following year.[7] In 2004 Congress appropriated the city a $250,000 (~$386,588 in 2023) grant to renovate the building.[8]
In 2006 Alma Realty, a Queens-based developer, purchased the property from the city for a token $1 and began an ambitious plan to convert it to mixed commercial/residential use. It was beset with delays, however, such as a stop-work order when the actual work exceeded the scope of plans approved by the city.[9] However, in April 2008 the stop-work order was rescinded and work resumed to finish the renovation, with a temporary certificate of occupancy issued on Monday, December 8, 2008, allowing Alma Realty to start renting the space.Osvaldo Simeone is a Professor of Information Engineering with the Centre for Telecommunications Research at the Department of Informatics at King's College, London.[1] He received an M.Sc. degree (with honors) and a Ph.D. degree in information engineering from the Politecnico di Milano, Italy, in 2001 and 2005, respectively. He was previously a Professor of Electrical Engineering at the New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) in Newark.[2][3]
Simeone's research interests include wireless communications, information theory, optimization, and machine learning. Dr. Simeone is a co-recipient of the 2017 JCN Best Paper Award, the 2015 IEEE Communications Society Best Tutorial Paper Award, and of the Best Paper Awards of IEEE SPAWC 2007 and IEEE WRECOM 2007.
Simeone currently serves as an Editor for IEEE Transactions on Information Theory. Dr Simeone is a co-author of a monograph, an edited book published by Cambridge University Press, and more than one hundred research journal papers. He was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2016[4] for his contributions to cooperative cellular systems and cognitive radio networks.

This article about an American electrical engineer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Stephanie van Willigenburg is a professor of mathematics at the University of British Columbia[1] whose research is in the field of algebraic combinatorics and concerns quasisymmetric functions. Together with James Haglund, Kurt Luoto and Sarah Mason, she introduced the quasisymmetric Schur functions, which form a basis for quasisymmetric functions.[2]
Van Willigenburg earned her Ph.D. in 1997 at the University of St. Andrews under the joint supervision of Edmund F. Robertson and Michael D. Atkinson, with a thesis titled The Descent Algebras of Coxeter Groups.[3]
Van Willigenburg was awarded the Krieger–Nelson Prize in 2017[4] by the Canadian Mathematical Society. She was named to the 2023 class of Fellows of the American Mathematical Society, "for contributions to algebraic combinatorics, mentorship and exposition, and inclusive community building".[5]
Chris "Wally" Feresten[1][2] (born 1965 or 1966)[1] is an American cue card handler and supervisor known for his work on Saturday Night Live. He also does cue cards for Late Night with Seth Meyers and his private business, Cue Cards by Wally.
Feresten was born in Fall River, Massachusetts to parents Mary Jo and Michael Feresten. His brother is television writer Spike Feresten. Feresten attended West Bridgewater High School and, later, Syracuse University.[3][4] In 1987, he moved to Los Angeles. Three years later, he moved to New York City.[5]
Feresten began working at Saturday Night Live after his brother, who worked at SNL as a receptionist at the time, informed him there was a vacancy in the cue card department. Feresten's first cue card handling job was in 1990 during a "Sprockets" sketch featuring host Kyle MacLachlan.[4] His first appearance on camera was in 1991 during a monologue featuring Steve Martin. Feresten had his first spoken lines on the show in 1993 during an Alec Baldwin monologue.[5] Feresten became the cue card handler for Last Call with Carson Daly when the show moved to New York.[6]
Since 2014, Feresten has also been a cue card handler for Late Night with Seth Meyers. He has appeared on camera on the show several times including once as an interview guest when Action Bronson did not appear.[7] His increasing frequency of spoken lines and his popularity with the audience has caused guest John Oliver to joke that Feresten is staging "a slow-motion coup".[8][9]
In 2020, Feresten began Cue Cards by Wally, a private business wherein he creates personalized cue cards, mostly for SNL fans. He started the business while SNL was doing remote-recorded episodes and, thus, his cue cards were not needed.[5]
Feresten lives in Livingston, New Jersey.[10]
The 1966 Columbia Lions football team was an American football team that represented Columbia University during the 1966 NCAA University Division football season. Columbia finished sixth in the Ivy League.
In their tenth season under head coach Aldo "Buff" Donelli, the Lions compiled a 2–7 record and were outscored 306 to 156. Richard Flory and Robert Hast were the team captains.[1]
The Lions' 2–5 conference record placed sixth in the Ivy League standings. Columbia was outscored 231 to 122 by Ivy opponents.[2]
Columbia played its home games at Baker Field in Upper Manhattan, in New York City.
Scale bar = 20 mm
Babelichthys is an extinct genus of crestfish from the ?Late Eocene-aged[1] Pabdeh Formation of Western Iran. It contains a single species, Babelichthys olneyi.[2] The type specimen was initially figured by Camille Arambourg as a second, poorly-preserved specimen of the co-occurring crestfish Protolophotus, but in 2017 it was identified as its own distinct taxon.[2][3]
The single known specimen consists of a head and the front-most region of the dorsal fin, preserving the extremely elongated and enlarged first dorsal-fin ray. It has been inferred that Babelichthys had a highly elongated "crest" at the front of its dorsal fin that projected horizontally forwards like a horn, akin to that of the extant unicorn crestfish (Eumecichthys fiski) but even larger and more elongated.[2]
It and the unicorn crestfish are each other's closest known relatives.[2] However, some studies find Lophotidae to be paraphyletic, and place Babelichthys as an indeterminate taeniosome.[4]
The genus name Babelichthys literally translates to “Babel fish” in Greek, named after the teleost-like, ear-dwelling, polyglot extraterrestrial species from The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy, as a reference to the very peculiar, almost alien-like, appearance of the genus. The species name "olneyi" is named after John E. Olney for his work on the anatomy and ontogeny of Lampriformes.[2]Read the Wiktionary entry "lurid"
You can also:Chur Sharif Halt Railway Station (Urdu: چور شریف ہالٹ ریلوے اسٹیشن) is  located in Pakistan.


This article about a railroad station in Punjab, Pakistan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sophie Stewart (5 March 1908 – 6 June 1977) was a British actress of stage and screen.[2][3][4]
She was born as Sophia Lyal Drummond Stewart in Crieff, Perthshire, Scotland in March 1908 and died in June 1977 at the age of 69, in Cupar, Fife, Scotland.[5]
In 1937 she starred in Return of the Scarlet Pimpernel as Lady Blakeney.[6] Her West End stage appearances included James Bridie's A Sleeping Clergyman (1933), Aimée Stuart's Lady from Edinburgh (1945), J. Lee Thompson's The Human Touch (1948) and Michael Clayton Hutton's Dead Secret (1952).
She was married to the actor Ellis Irving.[7][1]Seneca Creek, also known as Cienequilla Creek,[1] is a watercourse in New Mexico and Oklahoma.[2]  Running south of, and roughly parallel to, Corrumpa Creek, it originates south-southeast of Des Moines, New Mexico and east-northeast of Grenville, and travels generally east, eventually crossing into Oklahoma.[2]  Where it finally joins Corrumpa Creek about 4.5 miles (7.2 km) northwest of Felt, Oklahoma, the combined stream becomes the Beaver River.[1][3]
Seneca Creek is impounded at Clayton Lake, part of New Mexico’s Clayton Lake State Park and Dinosaur Trackways,[4] about 13 miles northwest of Clayton, New Mexico.[5]  The lake, with 170 surface acres at capacity, was established in 1955 specifically as a recreational site by the State Game and Fish Commission.[6]  In the May to September timeframe it offers boating and fishing for rainbow trout, walleye pike, crappie, bluegills, bullheads, large-mouth bass, and channel catfish, while the rest of the year the lake is a refuge for waterfowl.[6]  The associated park features camping, hiking trails, and other amenities, as well as having one of the most extensive dinosaur trackways in North America.[7][8]
This article related to a river in New Mexico is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to a river in Oklahoma is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Albert Sauveur (French pronunciation: [albɛʁ sovœʁ]; 21 June 1863 – 26 January 1939) was a Belgian-born American metallurgist. He founded the first metallographic laboratory in a university.
Sauveur was born in Leuven, Belgium.  He studied at the Athénée Royal in Brussels, then the School of Mines, Liège and graduated at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1889. He remained in the United States thereafter, becoming a Professor of Metallurgy in 1905.[1]
After several years working in industry, where he pioneered the use of microscopes to study the internal structure of steel, Sauveur joined Harvard University as a Instructor in Metallurgy, becoming Professor of Metallurgy in 1905. From 1924 to 1939, he held the Gordon McKay Professor of Mining and Metallurgy title at the university. From 1939 on, ASM International started bestowing the Albert Sauveur Achievement Award, for achievements in materials science and engineering.
He was a member of the US National Academy of Sciences, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Philosophical Society and the Iron and Steel Institute of Great Britain, the Iron and Steel Institute of America. He was awarded the Elliott Cresson Medal in 1913 and the Franklin Medal in 1939, both from The Franklin Institute and the Bessemer Gold Medal of the British Iron and Steel Institute in 1924.[1]
He died in Boston, Massachusetts in 1939, survived by his wife and 2 daughters.

This article about a Belgian scientist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a physicist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."Hello Mary Lou" is a song written by American singer Gene Pitney[3][4][5] first recorded by Johnny Duncan in 1960[6] and by Ricky Nelson at United Western Recorders Studios on March 22, 1961.
Nelson's version, issued as a double A-side with his No. 1 hit "Travelin' Man", (Imperial 5741), reached No. 9 on the Billboard music charts on May 28, 1961. In the United Kingdom it reached No. 2.[7] It was also a hit in much of Europe, particularly Norway, where it spent 14 weeks at No. 1, Denmark where it also peaked at No. 1,[8] and in Sweden, where it spent five months in the best selling chart (July–December) and peaked at No. 2 during eight weeks. In New Zealand, the song reached No. 4.[9]
A 1991 reissue following the song's use in a TV advertisement gave the song a second chart run, peaking at No. 45 in the UK Singles Chart.[10]
The song features an influential guitar solo by James Burton, often cited by later guitarists such as Brian May. Piano is by Ray Johnson, who had succeeded Gene Garf as Nelson's regular session pianist in November 1959.[11] Other musicians on the record include Joe Osborn on bass and Ritchie Frost on drums.[12]
The song appears on Nelson's sixth album Rick Is 21 (1961).
"Hello Mary Lou" is similar to an earlier song, "Merry, Merry Lou", written by Cayet Mangiaracina and recorded by his band, the Sparks, in 1957 on a single released by Decca Records. It was covered by Bill Haley & His Comets as "Mary, Mary Lou" and released as a single later in 1957, also by Decca, and by Sam Cooke in 1958 for the Keen Records label. Mangiaracina would later become ordained as a Catholic priest. When "Hello Mary Lou" was released, the publisher of "Merry, Merry Lou", Champion Music (an arm of Decca Records), sued for plagiarism and a settlement was reached. Mangiaracina was given co-writing credit for "Hello Mary Lou" and a share of the song's royalties, while Champion received a share of the publishing.[13]Ahmad Tea Limited[1] is a tea company based in Chandler's Ford, Hampshire, England. It sells a range of tea bags, specialty teas and gifts including black tea, green tea, flavoured teas, and herbal teas. The company moved from London to a new headquarters in Chandler's Ford in 2010.[3]
The company was founded on 13 May 1986 by Rahim Afshar and his brothers, and is named after their father.[4][1]
Ahmad Tea distributes to over 80 countries on six continents, where it can be found in selected restaurants, hotels, specialty shops as well as some chains.[5] Ahmad Tea’s headquarters also contains a tea museum, which attracts local guests.[6] Ahmad Tea earned over 20 Great Taste Awards for various products.[7]
Ahmad Tea is a member of the Ethical Tea Partnership, a not-for-profit organization created by a group of tea companies to address supply chain challenges to the tea industry in a sustainable fashion.[8]
In 2012, in partnership with U Support charity, Ahmad Tea donated its range of teas to ChariTeas, a branded tea room in Hampshire, whose proceeds go to supporting disabled children.[9] In 2013, Ahmad Tea was awarded the ethical investor of the year award for its charitable initiatives in the UK and support of orphanages in Mali, Russia, Sri Lanka and Ukraine.[10]
Upton Buhrman (April 1818 – May 4, 1895) was an American politician from Maryland. He served as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates, representing Frederick County, from 1864 to 1867.
Upton Buhrman was born in April 1818. His siblings were Hiram, Alfred, Harvey, Emory, Mrs. Joseph Marken and Mrs. Conrad Easterday.[1]
Burhman was a member of the Unconditional Union Party and the Republican Party.[1][2] He served as a member of the Maryland House of Delegates, representing Frederick County, from 1864 to 1867.[1][3] He helped pass a local option law to prohibit the sale of alcohol within three miles of Myersville churches.[4] He was a delegate to the 1880 Republican National Convention.[1][5]
Buhrman worked in mercantile business for about thirty years and owned a business in Myersville. After he moved to West Virginia, he farmed and conducted business.[1][5][6]
Buhrman married. They had five sons and three daughters, Clayton, Harry, Charles, Webster, Edward, Mrs. William B. Evers and Mrs. Charles Grossnickle.[1][5] He moved from Myersville to a home in Berkeley County, West Virginia, around 1891. His house burned on February 13, 1895.[1][5] He was raised as a Methodist and later in life he associated with the Lutheran church.[1]
Buhrman died from heart disease on May 4, 1895, aged 77, at his son-in-law's home near Van Clevesville, West Virginia.[1][5]
Charlie Muffin (published in the United States under the title Charlie M.) is a 1977 spy thriller novel written by Brian Freemantle.[1][2]
Charlie Muffin is one of the top operatives in British Intelligence, despite his working-class background and scruffy appearance, and has been responsible for breaking up a major Soviet spy network in England, sending the network's leader Alexei Berenkov to prison for forty years. However, a new Director, Sir Henry Cuthbertson, who has a military background rather than in espionage, has reorganised the Department according to his own regimented and prejudicial ideas...which don't include a true professional like Charlie, whom he looks down upon and despises, and has appointed two of his favourites, Snare and Harrison, to major field positions, despite their obvious lack of experience.
Charlie, Snare and Harrison are on assignment in East Berlin and are about to separately make the crossing over to West Berlin. Harrison has safely made the crossing earlier and Snare is about to do so; Charlie, who will make his own crossing by car later, is very nervous about the heightened security. Snare makes an uneventful crossing, but Charlie meets up with Gunther, an East Berlin student trying to escape to the West, and gives him the car he was supposed to cross over in and necessary documents. With Charlie watching from a distance, Gunther drives the car into the East Berlin checkpoint, but the security people suddenly move in and Gunther is shot down while trying to run. Charlie makes his own crossing and meets up in West Berlin with his fellow agents, who are stunned to see him alive having seen and had reported his supposed death ... confirming in Charlie's mind that the whole business was a set-up to get him captured or killed.
In Moscow, General Valery Kalenin, chief planner of the KGB, is informed by his superiors of Berenkov's 40-year prison sentence.  He is ordered to make sure that Berenkov is repatriated back to the Soviet Union within a reasonable amount of time...or else.
Charlie visits Berenkov, with whom he has apparently become friendly, in prison for an interrogation which appears to Cuthbertson, his deputy Wilberforce, Snare and Harrison to be a complete failure. Cuthbertson is determined to have Charlie demoted as far as possible and has recommended as much to his Minister. However, Charlie proves that his interrogation "was one of the most productive [he] can remember having had with a captured spy," and has provided valuable information which Cuthbertson has been unable to realise.
Charlie spends the evening with Janet, Cuthbertson's secretary and god-daughter, with whom he is having an affair. After learning that Cuthbertson will be placing the blame for his premature recommendations on Wilberforce, Charlie promises that Cuthbertson will begging him for his help.
At a reception at the US Embassy in Moscow, Kalenin, who has never been seen in public before, makes a public appearance, which amazes William Braley, the Resident CIA operative, and provokes interest by snubbing the Americans and concentrating his attentions on the British Embassy members present. Informed of this, both Garson Ruttgers, Director of the CIA, and Cuthbertson come to the same conclusion: Kalenin wants to defect, but to the British, not to the Americans. Knowing that two opportunities to contact Kalenin are coming up, one at a Trade Fair in Leipzig and one at a party at the British Embassy in Moscow, Cuthbertson dispatches Harrison to Leipzig and Snare to Moscow to contact Kalenin and make arrangements for the hoped-for defection, while Ruttgers, arriving in London and kept on the outside by Cuthbertson, is determined that his agency will be involved.
Harrison makes a very clumsy contact with Kalenin in Leipzig, but is killed shortly afterwards trying to escape in a panic from Eastern German security forces. Cuthbertson, learning of this, decides not to tell Snare. At the British Embassy in Moscow, Snare meets briefly with Kalenin, who drops some pointed hints about how he can be contacted at a public park. However, Snare is seized shortly afterwards immediately by KGB agents and charged with black market dealing.
With no choice left, Cuthbertson is forced to ask Charlie for help. Charlie is certain that Kalenin's intended defection is a set-up, but agrees on condition that he be allowed to operate without interference. He makes his own way to Moscow, successfully contacts Kalenin (learning from Kalenin that Harrison and Snare were identified to the KGB by the CIA) and settles the main details about Kalenin's crossing from Czechoslovakia into Austria and about the amount of money to be paid to Kalenin ($500,000 in US currency).
Back in London at a meeting in Cuthbertson's office, Ruttgers (who has been using a threat by the US State Department that the President may snub London in an upcoming European tour to force the British into co-operating) is stunned to learn that Charlie has made successful contact with Kalenin without his knowledge. He is even more outraged by Charlie's insisting that the money (provided by the Americans) must be laundered by himself and Braley, and that Braley must remain close to Charlie at all times (thereby neutralising the possibility of Charlie being exposed), but the threat of the facts about Snare and Harrison's exposure being revealed makes him give in.
Cuthbertson confronts Janet about her affair with Charlie and instructs her to keep him informed about Charlie. She agrees ... in exchange for expenses.
Charlie and Braley hit casinos throughout Europe, "washing" the money and taking down random serial numbers. Later, they meet with Kalenin in Prague and finalise the details of the crossing at an obscure Czech border point. Charlie is still very worried and makes no secret of his belief that the whole thing is a big mistake on their part. Meanwhile, Berenkov is not adapting well to prison life and is beginning to crumble, while in Moscow Kalenin's superiors berate him for his apparent lack of progress in getting Berenkov back.
Both Cuthbertson and Ruttgers decide to move 200 agents (100 British and 100 American) into Austria to safeguard Kalenin and to go themselves to meet with Kalenin at the CIA safehouse in Vienna. Charlie arrives in Vienna and is briefed on the plan (part of which, such as that the car he'll be driving will contain a radio-controlled bomb, he is not told). Both he and Braley (who is now as uneasy as Charlie) make their concerns known to their respective bosses, but are disregarded.
Charlie and Braley arrive that night at the border crossing point and, as per Kalenin's instructions, Charlie crosses over with the money onto Czech soil to meet with the waiting Kalenin. After verifying the money, the two men cross back over into Austria and drive with Braley to the Vienna safehouse. There, Charlie leaves them to hide the car while Kalenin and Braley enter the safehouse.
Cuthbertson and Ruttgers welcome Kalenin and outline the intended plan to get him out of Austria. However, to their surprise, Kalenin seems to know as much about it as they do, and they are even more amazed by his next words: that, in retaliation for the destruction of the Berenkov network and Berenkov's imprisonment, the Soviet Union had decided to both have Berenkov repatriated and deal to the Western Intelligence communities "as harmful a blow as possible." To that end, he used himself as bait and the plan has worked perfectly: his men have captured the 200 British and American agents and now are in complete control of the house, and both Cuthbertson and Ruttgers will be going back with Kalenin to Moscow to be used as barter in exchange for Berenkov's release; the captured agents will be fingerprinted and photographed (making them useless for future Intelligence work) and then released. Cuthbertson and Ruttgers at first can't believe that this is happening, but then they realise that Charlie isn't there. Smiling, Kalenin confirms Cuthbertson's suspicions that Charlie had provided inside information and that Cuthbertson has only himself to blame because of his treatment of Charlie. The money is now Charlie's, and both Cuthbertson and Ruttgers realise with horror that they will not only be completely discredited but also made laughingstocks.
Where they are in hiding, Charlie and Edith burn the recorded bills and relax. Charlie knows that he will be hunted, but assures Edith that no one will ever think of looking for the two of them where they are now (in Brighton). He also tells Edith that his affair with Janet (which Edith knew about all along) was necessary because it provided him with both a pipeline into Cuthbertson's office and chances to mislead Cuthbertson (since Charlie knew Janet was informing on him), but that he never loved Janet.
In the novel's conclusion, Berenkov relaxes aboard a commercial flight to Moscow with a glass of champagne and toasts his absent friend.
Several more Charlie Muffin novels have been published since:
The book was filmed in 1979 as Charlie Muffin (released in the United States under the title A Deadly Game) directed by Jack Gold and starring David Hemmings as Charlie Muffin, Pinkas Braun as Kalenin, Ian Richardson as Cuthbertson, Sam Wanamaker as Ruttgers, Clive Revill as Berenkov and Sir Ralph Richardson in one of his final roles as Sir Archibald Willoughby.
A radio adaptation by Geoffrey M. Matthews was broadcast in 1986 on BBC Radio 4's Saturday Night Theatre starring Philip Jackson as Charlie Muffin and Sandor Elès as General Kalenin. In 1989, a radio adaptation of the sequel Clap Hands Here Comes Charlie, also adapted by Matthews, was broadcast on BBC Radio 4 with Philip Jackson again as Muffin, Sandor Elès again as Kalenin and Geoffrey Whitehead as Rupert Willoughby.
Freemantle, Brian. Charlie Muffin. Doubleday, 1977. ISBN 0-385-13021-X.Nyifon (Iordaa) is a poorly known Jukunoid language of Buruku LGA, Benue State, Nigeria. There may have been about 1,000 speakers in the 1990s.[1] The language is not reported in Ethnologue. Glottolog lists it as a dialect of Wapan language.

This article about Benue–Congo languages is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Bohatice is a municipality and village in Česká Lípa District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 200 inhabitants.
The first written mention of Bohatice is from 1304.[2]

This Liberec Region location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1928 Alabama Crimson Tide football team (variously "Alabama", "UA" or "Bama") represented the University of Alabama in the 1928 college football season. It was the Crimson Tide's 35th overall and 7th season as a member of the Southern Conference (SoCon). The team was led by head coach Wallace Wade, in his sixth year, and played their home games at Denny Field in Tuscaloosa, at Legion Field in Birmingham and at the Cramton Bowl in Montgomery, Alabama. They finished the season with a record of six wins and three losses (6–3 overall, 6–2 in the SoCon).
Alabama's October 20 meeting with Tennessee was the first game between the two schools in 14 years. While the game had been played on irregular dates up until 1914, when the series was renewed in 1928 the game was scheduled for the Third Saturday in October. Alabama and Tennessee have played yearly ever since, except when interrupted by World War II in 1943, although the game has more frequently been scheduled for the fourth Saturday in October since the SEC expanded to 12 teams in 1992. Alabama lost this renewal of the series 15–13, victimized by poor special teams play (a 98-yard kickoff return for Tennessee to open the game, a safety on a fumbled punt, a missed extra point) and mistakes (an offsides penalty that kept a Tennessee drive alive, leading to its second touchdown).[1]
General
SpecificEsther, also known as The Bible: Esther, is a 1999 American-Italian-German television film based on the Book of Esther, directed by Raffaele Mertes and starring Louise Lombard as Queen Esther, F. Murray Abraham as Mordechai, Jürgen Prochnow as Haman, Thomas Kretschmann as King Achashverosh and Ornella Muti as Vashti.
It aired in the United States on November 5, 2000.[1]
Hadassah, a beautiful Jewish girl, lives with her cousin (and legal guardian) Mordechai in Shushan, the capital of Persia. After King Ahasuerus deposes Queen Vashti for her refusal to obey him, he is advised to choose a new queen. Guards then search the entire kingdom for worthy candidates, taking them from their homes by force to the palace.  Mordecai attempts to hide Hadassah but she is captured by the guards. For her protection and at the insistence of Mordechai, Hadassah changes her name to Esther, meaning "hidden". Esther and the rest of the young women are taken to the first harem, where they are placed under the custody of Haggai, a royal eunuch and chief custodian of the harem.
Meanwhile, Haman, another royal advisor rises to power and the favor of the king. Memuchan, a trusted chamberlain of the king, is wary of Haman's ambition. Mordechai also makes an enemy of Haman, due to Mordechai's refusal to bow to Haman as others do. Haman plots revenge on Mordechai.
After a time of purification, it is time for Esther and the other women to present themselves to the king for one night each. After spending the night with Esther, the King falls in love with her and crowns her queen. Sometime later, Mordecai overhears a plot by two of the king's guards, Bigthan and Teresh, against the king and reports this to Esther. Esther exposes the plot to the king, and the men are sentenced to death.
The king's chamberlain Memuchan dies and King Ahasuerus mourns his loss. Esther requests to be received, but the king takes no heed. Haman comes and tells the king to govern once again, but the king takes no heed again. Esther leaves and believes she has lost the king's favor. The king then appoints Haman as lord chamberlain. The next day, Esther calls Haggai to her chambers and asks him what she should do to win back the king's favor. Haggai answers that she must be patient. Meanwhile, Mordechai once again refuses to bow to Haman. Haman's wife Zeresh, family and servants tell him that Mordecai does not respect him. This further angers Haman, and they suggest he builds a gallows 50 cubits high to hang Mordecai upon. Haman then goes to the king and tells him a certain race of people wish to overthrow the king. The king, concerned, gives Haman his signet ring which gives him the right to decree a law that even the king cannot change. Haman sends a decree to all provinces that they should kill all Jews within their borders. On hearing this decree, Mordecai dresses himself in sackcloth and ashes and mourns outside the palace gates for several days and nights. Upon hearing this, Esther orders her servant, Hatach, to give Mordecai clothes. Mordecai refuses them and gives the letter of the decree to Esther, telling Esther to petition the king, although it is forbidden to go before the king without being called. Esther is reminded that if the king holds out his golden scepter, her life will be spared. Esther tells Mordecai to gather all the Jews and fast for three days on her behalf. After three days, she dresses in the royal robes of state and goes before the king. The king holds out his scepter, asks her petition, and promises her that it shall be granted. Esther invites Haman and the king to attend a banquet she has prepared in her quarters. At the banquet, the king again asks Esther her petition and request. Esther promises the king that she will tell him her petition if they return to the banquet once again the following day.
That night, King Ahasuerus wakes up after having a nightmare, and not able to sleep, asks the royal eunuchs to read the chronicle. They discover that Mordecai was never rewarded for revealing the plot of Bigthan and Teresh. Haman comes to ask permission for the gallows, but the king asks what to do for a man the king wishes to honor. Haman believes that to refer to himself, and describes an ornate ceremonial parade through the city. He is then told to perform this in honor of Mordechai. The ceremony is completed, and Haman then returns to his house in shame and anger.
At Esther's second banquet, the king asks once again what she desires, and she asks him to spare her life and the lives of her people. The king asks her who would do dare raise a hand against her, and she reveals the plots of Haman, including the plot to kill her own cousin, Mordecai. The king, enraged, tells his guards to hang Haman on his own gallows. The king appoints Mordecai as his new lord chamberlain. Esther asks the king to revoke the law made by Haman, but as it is not possible to revoke a law made by the king, he tells her she must find another solution. With the help of Mordecai, she asks the king to create the law that for one day, the Jews can defend themselves against any that are persecuting them, and the king grants her request. After the fighting is over, Esther then passes a law that the Jews must celebrate the day that changed their fate, the celebration of Purim.
In the final scene, some of the Jews are shown returning home to Jerusalem, led by Ezra.The Fulkerson Prize for outstanding papers in the area of discrete mathematics is sponsored jointly by the Mathematical Optimization Society (MOS)  and the American Mathematical Society (AMS). Up to three awards of $1,500 each are presented at each (triennial) International Symposium of the MOS. Originally, the prizes were paid out of a memorial fund administered by the AMS that was established by friends of the late Delbert Ray Fulkerson to encourage mathematical excellence in the fields of research exemplified by his work. The prizes are now funded by an endowment administered by MPS.
Source: Mathematical Optimization Society official website.[47]
Source: American Mathematical Society official website.[48]The 2012–13 Russian Second Division  was the third strongest division in Russian football. The Second Division is geographically divided into 5 zones.
The winners of each zone are automatically promoted into the First Division. The bottom finishers of each zone lose professional status and are relegated into the Amateur Football League.
Source: rfspro.ru (in Russian)
Source: rfspro.ru (in Russian)
Source: rfspro.ru (in Russian)
Source: rfspro.ru (in Russian)
Source: rfspro.ru (in Russian)Ghana Karate Do Association it is the largest association for karate in Ghana and a member as well as the official representative for this sport in the Ghana Olympic Committee. It was founded in 1997.[1]
Karate was first introduced in Ghana in the early 1990s. Until the late 1990s, karate training in Ghana was more of a traditional martial art than a sport. Karate prospered because of the immense contribution of practitioners and mentors such as Sensei Daniel Djura, founder of Africa Goju; Sensei Donald Djura; Sensei Moses Baiden; Sensei Duke Banson; and Sensei Quagrine.
On 30 April 1997, a national body was registered and inaugurated with the National Sports Council (NSC) in the name of Ghana Karate-Do Federation (GKF) as the 26th sporting association.[2] The GKF was affiliated to the Union of African Karate Federation (UFAK) and eventually to the World Karate Federation (WKF).
The founding members were Melvin Brown, Francis Fuster, Benjamin Selormey, Victor Amara, Daniel Gyamfi and Samuel Akpalu. After the inauguration of the federation, there was the need to form an executive and a technical committee. The executive committee was chaired by Rtd. Captain George Mould, and FrancisFuster and Jude Adu-Amankwah were his vice.[clarification needed] All the other members were karatekas and served on the technical committee with Benjamin Selormey as Technical Director.
The Ghana Karate-Do Federation later came to be recognized as Ghana Karate-Do Association.
In 2004 Jude Adu-Amankwah took over from Capt. Mould as president of the association, with Sensei Melvin Brown as Technical Director, and Sensei Kwabena A. Poku as Referee and vice to the Technical Director. The other members of the technical committee were Sensei Prince Wilson, Sensei George-Slater Commodore, Sensei Saadisu Mamah Idrissu, Sensei Frank Danso Bekoe and Sensei Sylvester Davies. The technical committee is in charge of coaching and general training and grading of karatekas at the national level.
The membership of the executive committee was changed in 2009, with Michael Nunoo as the Chairman of the association and Sensei Saadisu Idrissu as the Technical Director. The present composition of the Management Board as of May 2011 is  Michael Nunoo, Chairman; Ade Sawyer, Vice-Chairman; Patrick Anyidoho-Cofie, General Secretary; Nathaniel Nartey, member; Sensei Kwabena Poku, Head Coach; Sensei Frank Danso Bekoe, Deputy Coach; and Dr. Sulley, member. The executive committee is now referred to as the management board.
The present members of the technical committee are Sensei Kwabena A. Poku, Head Coach; Sensei Prince Wilson; Sensei Frank Danso Bekoe, Deputy Coach; Sensei Isaac Amponsah; Sensei Ibrahim Jarrah; Victor Lartey; and Emmanuel Adjei.
The GKA took its first outing the year it was inaugurated, in 1997, to the UFAK Zone 3 Championships in the Ivory Coast, and won two gold, four silver and two bronze medals. Since then the association has participated in many yearly UFAK Zone 3 Championships and has performed increasingly well, winning laurels in both Kumite and Kata. The Association has also represented Ghana in three All Africa Games since its inauguration: in 1997, 2003 and 2007, when contestant Victor Lartey won by correction of a previous decision.
Ghana Karate Do Association is a member of the African umbrella organization Union of African Karate Federation (UAKF) as well as the World Association for World Karate Federation (WKF).
On the part of the Ghana Olympic Committee, the Ghana Karate Association is the only Karate Association authorized to send athletes to the Olympic Games.
Future Fantastic was a British documentary television series which premiered in 1996. This show looked at the how science and science fiction complement each other, and how ideas and technologies from the past are helping to shape our future. The series was narrated by Gillian Anderson and co-produced by the British Broadcasting Corporation, The Learning Channel and Pro Sieben.
Alien: Discusses the possibility of encountering intelligent life on other planets.
Interviewed Story Musgrave (astronaught), Seth Shostak (astronomer), Frank Drake (astronomer), Jill Tarter (astronomer), Arthur C. Clarke (author), Richard F. Haines (scientist), Robert Sheaffer (UFO investigator), Jack Cohen (biologist), John Clute (author), David Bischoff (author), Glenn Campbell (Area 51 Investigator), Bob Lazar (engineer)
This episode was first broadcast on 21 June 1996.[1]
I, Robot: Discusses the evolving and growing role of artificial intelligence, computers, and robots in our everyday life.
Interviewed Joe Engelberger (roboticist), Red Whittaker (roboticist), Marvin Minsky (cognitive scientist), Hans Moravec (computer scientist), Takeo Kanade (roboticist), Kevin Warwick (roboticist), Rodney Brooks (roboticist)
This episode was first broadcast on 28 June 1996.[2]
Starman: Looks at how we might eventually reach the stars.
Interviewed Nick Argento (historian), Arthur C. Clarke (author), Frederik Pohl (author), Yoji Kondo (author), Alan Bond (rocket engineer), Gerald A. Smith (scientist), Jack Williamson (author), Robert L. Forward (author), Michio Kaku (physicist), Patrick Moore (astronomer), Ron Miller (artist)
This episode was first broadcast on 5 July 1996.[3]
Incredible Shrinking Planet: Looks at the future of transport, including teleportation and time travel.
Interviewed John Clute (author), Paul Moller (engineer), James R. Powers (Designer), Dennis Bushnell (NASA scientist), Brian Motts (inventor), Robert L. Forward (author), Leik Myrabo (engineer), John C. Mankins (NASA scientist), John Anderson (NASA scientist), Larry Niven (author), Marc Levoy (head of the 3D Fax Project), Anton Zeilinger (physicist)
This episode was first broadcast on 12 July 1996.[4]
Brave New Body: Looks into how body modification will shape our lives in the future.
Interviewed Joseph M. Rosen (plastic surgeon), Charles Vacanti (biologist), Mark Pauline (roboticist), Martin Caidin (writer), Donald Humphrey (surgeon), Max More (futurist), Natasha Vita-More (author), Dr Eugene Dejuan (eye surgeon), Bruce Sterling (author), Greg Bear (author), Walter Gehring (biologist), Dr. Richard Ellenbogen (plastic surgeon)
This episode was first broadcast on 19 July 1996.[5]
Weird Science: Shows how we have come close to defying gravity, and achieving invisibility and perpetual energy.
Interviewed John Clute (author), Michael Burns (physicist and military systems designer), Richard A. Hull (inventor), Peter Graneau (inventor), Jim Greggs (inventor), Franklin Mead (Senior. Scientist at the Advanced Concepts Office), Frank Close (physicist), Edwin May (nuclear physicist), Richard Wiseman (psychologist)
This episode was first broadcast on 9 August 1996.[6]
Brainstorm: Looks at technology being put into and onto people's heads to create artificial experiences.
Interviewed John Clute (author), Jonathan Walden (virtual reality engineer), Neal Stephenson (science fiction author), Richard Johnston (Human Interface Technology Lab), Andrew Junker (founder of Brainfingers), Grant McMillan (Wright-Patterson Air Force Base), Christopher Gallen (neurologist), Pat Cadigan (science fiction author), Richard A. Normann (bioengineer), Theodore Berger (bioengineer)
This episode was first broadcast on 16 August 1996.[7]
Underneath a purple sky: Looks at the future of space tourism.
Interviewed Ray Bradbury (author), John Clute (author), Wendell Mendell (Planetary Scientist), Patrick Collins (professor of economics at Azabu University in Japan), Story Musgrave (astronaut), Greg Bennett (writer), Marshall Savage (author), Christopher McKay (planetary scientist), Kim Stanley Robinson (author), Jane Poynter (author), Taber MacCallum (Chief Technology Officer)
This episode was first broadcast on 23 August 1996.[8]
Immortal: Questions whether we may ever achieve immortality.
Interviewed Marvin Minsky (cognitive scientist), Max More (futurist), Natasha Vita-More (author), Rima Greenhill, Malcolm Greenhill, Michael R. Rose (evolutionary biologist), Siegfried Hekimi (biologist), François Schächter (biologist), Robert Ettinger (academic), Steve Bridge (President of Alcor), Michael Taylor (cryobiologist), Ralph C. Merkle (nanotechnologist), Brian Stableford (author), John Clute (author), Frank Tipler (mathematical physicist), Gregory Benford (author)
This episode was first broadcast on 30 August 1996.[9]
The theme music to Future Fantastic was by HAL[10] who later collaborated with Gillian Anderson on the track "Extremis" which was released by Virgin Records in 1997.[11][12]
Future Fantastic was broadcast in the United States on the Learning Channel in 1997.[13]
Polymita N.E.Br.
Schlechteranthus is a genus of flowering plants belonging to the family Aizoaceae.[1]
It is native to the Cape Provinces within the South African Republic.[1]
The genus name of Schlechteranthus is in honour of Max Schlechter (1874–1960), brother and colleague of Rudolf Schlechter (a German taxonomist, botanist, and author of several works on orchids). While, Max was a German collector of natural history specimens.[2][3]
It was first described and published in Monatsschr. Deutsch. Kakteen-Ges. Vol.1 on page 16 in 1929.[1]
According to Kew:[1]
Lewvan (Farr Air) Airport, formerly TC LID: CLW2, was located 1 nautical mile (1.9 km; 1.2 mi) south-southwest of Lewvan, Saskatchewan, Canada.

This article about an airport in Saskatchewan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Erimo Seamount (also known as Sisoev Seamount[2]) is a seamount off Hokkaido, Japan. Located close to the intersection between the Kuril-Kamchatka and Japan Trenches, it is in the process of being subducted. The Cretaceous seamount formed 100-120 million years ago and is covered by a limestone cap. Tiltmeters have been installed on its top.[3]
Erimo Seamount lies southeast of Cape Erimo of Hokkaido, Japan. The seamount lies close to the intersection between the Kuril–Kamchatka Trench to the northeast and the Japan Trench to the south,[2][4] and is sometimes used to define the boundary.[1] Erimo Seamount lies 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) oceanward[5] and south and east from the trenches[6] and it forms the northern tip of the Japan Trench; there the Pacific Plate subducts at a rate of 8 centimetres per year (3.1 in/year), together with the seamounts on it[7] such as Erimo which is currently entering the trench.[8] Other seamounts in the area are Takuyo-Daiichi to the east-northeast and Ryofu-Daini to the east-southeast,[4] and there is evidence of another seamount northwest of Erimo and in the process of being subducted.[9] Unlike other seamounts, Erimo is not part of a seamount chain.[10] Possibly, as such a seamount or a seamount chain subducted it indented the trenches, forming a 20 kilometres (12 mi) re-entrant.[11]
The seamount is a guyot[12] which rises about 4.2 kilometres (2.6 mi)[7] to a depth of 3,729 metres (12,234 ft),[1] where a flat top is covered by early Cretaceous limestone[13] that contains gastropods,[14] green algae and red algae from that time.[15] Erimo Seamount is cut by normal faults that run parallel to the Kuril-Kamchatka Trench,[8] and the seamount is tilting[16] and beginning to break apart as its subduction starts.[17] It has a volume of about 1,100 cubic kilometres (260 cu mi), making it a mid-sized seamount by Pacific Ocean seamount standards, with a northeast-southwest elongated shape and a maximum width of 35 kilometres (22 mi)[13] and recognizable rift zones.[12] The crust underneath Erimo contains the magnetic anomaly M8[6] and has an age of about 120 million years.[13]
Volcanic rocks dredged from Erimo Seamount include alkali basalt,[18] brecciated basalts, silty sandstone,[19] trachyandesites or trachytes.[20] During the Cretaceous, carbonate rocks were emplaced at shallow depth on the seamount, which subsided by about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi). As the seamount has entered the trench, further subsidence of about 800 metres (2,600 ft) has taken place.[21]
Erimo Seamount formed in the Cretaceous in an off-ridge setting[7] but close to a spreading center;[20] it is about 100-120 million years old,[7] while potassium-argon dating has yielded an age of 80 million years[2] and argon-argon dating of 104 ± 9 million years.[6] Cretaceous volcanic activity has generated seamounts all across the Western Pacific Ocean,[9] but Erimo today is inactive.[16] This seamount appears to be part of a large hotspot-generated seamount province whose youngest activity is currently located in French Polynesia.[22]Guriezo is a municipality located in the autonomous community of Cantabria, Spain. According to the 2013 census, the town has a population of 2,424 inhabitants. Its capital is El Puente.
Megalithic evidence from the surroundings of Guriezo attests, that the area was inhabited back in prehistorical times as early as 4000 BC.[2] Spear points from the Bronze Age have been found in caves throughout the area, namely in the cave of la Cervajera.[3]
During the Middle Ages, the most prominent dynasties in the area were the Villota and Entrambasaguas families, which fought for the control of administrative and political positions. The conflict between these two families dates back to the 15th century, when they litigated about the ownership of the local foundries. In the second half of the 18th century, their disagreements brought them all the way to the Royal Chancery of Valladolid.[4] Guriezo was quite active in the iron trade with Biscay's foundries during the late Middle Ages.[5]  Guriezo played a role in the development of the prosperous Basque iron industry; in 1846, members of the prominent Ybarra family acquired the factory of La Merced, which operated until 1854.[6]
During the Spanish Civil War, Guriezo was the setting for a number of events: on 24 August 1937, the Santoña Agreement was signed in the village, as a result of which 10,000 soldiers from the Basque Army surrendered to Franco's Italian allies.[7] During 1938, a number of republican fugitives under the lead of former lieutenant Manuel Pérez Tejera were ambushed and executed in the mountains around Guriezo; it was not until 1941 when Pérez Tejera himself was found and killed.[8]
As of 2008, the per capita income of Guriezo stood at €15,010, which was slightly below the regional figure of €15,911, yet Guriezo had one of the greatest per capita incomes among rural Cantabrian municipalities.[9]
In 2007, around 7% of the businesses in Guriezo operated in the agricultural sector, 29% in construction, 13% in industry and roughly 50% in the service sector. When compared to the region as a whole, Guriezo has a considerably lower proportion of service businesses, but a higher percentage of agricultural, building and industrial companies.[10]
When it comes to the labour market, the Eastern Coastal area of Cantabria, which encompasses Guriezo and other municipalities, had an unemployment rate slightly above 20%, in tune with the regional average for 2013.[11] As of April 2014, there were 193 jobseekers in the village.[12]
These are the places of birth of the population of Guriezo according to the National Institute of Statistics (INE).
Just over half of the population was born in Cantabria, but a significant percentage of the inhabitants (43.5%) hails from other Autonomous Communities. Just above 6% of the population are immigrants.
The results of the 2011 local elections were as follows:[13]
Naked Woman Climbing a Staircase (originally in French Femme nue montant l'escalier) is a drawing done with pencil and charcoal on card made by Joan Miró in 1937. It is part of the permanent collection of the Fundació Joan Miró in Barcelona.[1]
Miró created Naked Woman Climbing a Staircase during the Spanish Civil War. He was living in Paris when he started to attend life drawing classes at the school of the Grande Chaumiere. Miró returned to constructing the human figure to represent the drama that was then taking place in Catalonia. This feeling can be made out in the shapes used to draw this tortured nude woman climbing a staircase.[2] Other works of this period include Still Life with Old Shoe and Aidez l'Espagne.[3]
According to the Joan Miró Foundation, "Miró's despondency brought about by the moral tragedy of the war can be seen in the violent metamorphosis of the figure, in her heavy limbs and in the effort involved in climbing."[4] At the top right is a kind of window or box where light rays can be seen entering the room. The woman is using her right arm to try to grab a ladder – this was a symbol that Miró used in several of his works to represent evasion or escape. The external genitals of the woman are similar to those of the woman in Man and Woman in Front of a Pile of Excrement as they are exaggerated in size.[5] This work is said to be related to Marcel Duchamp's 1912 painting Nude Descending a Staircase, No. 2, although here the woman is ascending. The distortion and effort of the figure are interpreted as mirroring the Spanish Civil War.[4] Duchamp's painting was not original; it alluded to the earlier photographs by Eadweard Muybridge[6] which were amongst the first to record animal locomotion. Miró first saw this work by Duchamp in 1912, during the Cubist art exhibition held at Galeries Dalmau in Barcelona.[7][8]
Muybridge's idea of a woman on a staircase caught the imagination of not only Duchamp and Miró but also Miró's contemporary Salvador Dalí who created a homage to Duchamp's painting. His model was also shown ascending the stairs[9] like Miró's subject.
The exhibition L'escala de l'evasió that opened in October 2011 was supported by access to Wikipedia using QRpedia codes that allowed access to visitors in Catalan, English and several other languages.[27]Sacred groves of India are forest fragments of varying sizes, which are communally protected, and which usually have a significant religious connotation for the protecting community. Hunting and logging are usually strictly prohibited within these patches.[1] Other forms of forest usage like honey collection and deadwood collection are sometimes allowed on a sustainable basis. NGOs work with local villagers to protect such groves. Traditionally, and in some cases even today, members of the community take turns to protect the grove.[2] The introduction of the protected area category community reserves under the Wild Life (Protection) Amendment Act, 2002 has introduced legislation for providing government protection to community held lands, which could include sacred groves.
Around 14,000 sacred groves have been reported across India, which act as reservoirs of rare fauna, and more often rare flora, amid rural and even urban settings. Experts believe that the total number of sacred groves could be as high as 100,000. Threats to the groves include urbanization, and over-exploitation of resources. While many of the groves are looked upon as abodes of Hindu deities, in the recent past a number of them have been partially cleared for construction of shrines and temples.[3][4] Sacred groves are places of yatra (pilgrimage) in Indian-origin religions, such as Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism.
Indian sacred groves are often associated with temples, monasteries, shrines, pilgrimage sites, or with burial grounds. Historically, sacred groves find their mention in Hindu, Jain and Buddhist texts, from sacred tree groves in Hinduism to sacred bamboo groves and sacred deer parks in Buddhism for example.[5] Sacred groves may be loosely used to refer to natural habitat protected on religious grounds. Other historical references to sacred groves can be obtained in Vrukshayurveda an ancient treatise, ancient classics such as Kalidasa's Vikramuurvashiiya. There has been a growing interest in creating green patches such as Nakshatravana grove.
One of the most important traditional uses of sacred groves was that it acted as a repository for various Ayurvedic medicines. Other uses involved a source of replenishable resources like fruits and honey. In most  sacred groves it was taboo to hunt or chop wood. The vegetation cover helps reduce soil erosion and prevents desertification as in Rajasthan. The groves are often associated with ponds and streams, and meet water requirements of local communities. They sometimes help in recharging aquifers as well.
In modern times, sacred groves have become biodiversity hotspots, as various species seek refuge in the areas due to progressive habitat destruction and hunting elsewhere. Sacred groves often contain plant and animal species that have become extinct in neighboring areas. They therefore harbor great genetic diversity. Besides this, sacred groves in urban landscapes act as "lungs" to the city as well, providing much needed vegetation cover.
Typically, sacred groves in Indian-origin religions are associated with the concept of a presiding deity. Often these sacred deities are numerous nature spirits and guardians associated with Hindu, Jain and Buddhist deities, such as nature spirits known as Yakshas (numerous nature spirits), Nāgas (serpent guardians) and guardian tutelary deities (like ayyanar and amman) are also known. There are over 1000 deities associated with sacred groves in the states of Kerala and Karnataka alone. A large number of distinct local art forms and folk traditions are associated with the deities of sacred groves, and are an important cultural aspect closely associated with sacred traditions. Ritualistic dances and dramatizations based on the local deities that protect the groves are called Theyyam in Kerala and Nagmandalam, among other names, in Karnataka. Often, elaborate rituals and traditions are associated with sacred groves,[6] as are associated folk tales and folk mythology.
The Hindu tradition considers forests to be of three types - Tapovan, Mahavan and Sreevan. Tapovan are forests associated with penance (Tapas), and are inhabited by saints and rishis. Mahavan refers to the grand natural forests. Tapovan and Mahavan are considered to be a Raksha ("sanctuary") for flora and fauna as ordinary human beings are not allowed to enter these forests. Sreevan, which means, "forests of the goddess of prosperity", consists of dense forests and groves. From the former, people would collect dry wood, leaves, forest produce and a limited amount of timber, though natural ecosystem would not be unnecessarily disturbed. Groves were considered as spaces of forests from where harvesting could be done. Sometimes, specific trees like mango trees could be planted and nurtured here. Groves were associated with religious rites, festivals and recreation. Typical recreational activities associated with these groves included jhoola/ jhoolan.[7] In the villages, Panchavati, or a cluster of five trees that represented the forests, were maintained. These trees represented the five elements of Earth, Water, Fire, Air and Space.[7]
Planting and nurturing of trees had been a highly evolved practice in ancient India.[8] Vrukshayurveda, the science of plant life and also a 10th-century treatise of that title on the subject ascribed to Surapala, dealt with various species of trees and their growth. Verses 9-23 from this text indicate how mystical beliefs and conservation of ecology was inter-connected.
Sacred groves are scattered all over the country, and are referred to by different names in different parts of India. Sacred groves occur in a variety of places – from scrub forests in the Thar Desert of Rajasthan maintained by the Bishnois, to rain forests in the Western Ghats of Kerala. Himachal Pradesh in the north and Kerala in the south are specifically known for their large numbers of sacred groves.[9] The Gurjar people of Rajasthan have a unique practice of neem (Azadirachta indica) planting and worshipping as abode of God Devnarayan. Thus, a Gurjjar settlement appears like a human-inhabited sacred grove.[10] Similarly Mangar Bani, last surviving natural forest of Delhi is protected by Gurjars of nearby area.[11] 14,000 sacred groves have been reported from all over India, which act as reservoirs of rare fauna, and more often rare flora, amid rural and even urban settings. Experts believe that the total number of sacred groves could be as high as 100,000.[12][4]
It is estimated that around 1000 km2 of unexploited land is inside sacred groves. Some of the more famous groves are the kavus of Kerala, which are located in the Western Ghats and have enormous biodiversity; and the law kyntangs of Meghalaya – sacred groves associated with every village (two large groves being in Mawphlang[13] and Mausmai) to appease the forest spirit.
Among the largest sacred groves of India are the ones in Hariyali, near Gauchar in Chamoli District of Uttarakhand, and the Deodar grove in Shipin near Simla in Himachal Pradesh. Seeing the importance of sacred groves and other sacred natural sites in having conserved biodiversity all across the Himalayas, the intergovernmental organization ICIMOD developed and published a framework in 2016, to assess the present day significance of such sites for their integration into formal conservation and development frameworks.[14]
All numbers are quoted from the records of the C.P.R. Environmental Education Centre of the Government of India. Starred numbers are likely to increase. The centre also maintains a complete list of identified sacred groves in India, most of which is online.[15]
more than 500 " Jaherthan" in Godda of Jharkhand
(Pune, Ratnagiri,
Raigarh, Kolhapur Sindhudurg, Ahmednagar, Thane
districts)
Dudley et al.[17]
TNBB document [31]
Threats to the grove include urbanization, over-exploitation of resources (like overgrazing and excessive firewood collection), and environmental destruction due to religious practices. Other threats to the sacred groves include invasion by invasive species, like the invasive weeds Chromolaena odorata, Lantana camara and Prosopis juliflora.
The Maschinengewehr 30, or MG 30 was a German-designed machine gun that saw some service with various armed forces in the 1930s.[1] It was also modified to become the standard German aircraft gun as the MG 15 and MG 17. It is most notable as the design pattern that led to the MG 34 and MG 42, and thus is one of the major ancestors of many of the weapons in service which would later find widespread use into the 21st century.
Development of the MG 30 took place under the direction of Louis Stange at Rheinmetall's Sömmerda office, from where he filed several patent claims in 1928–1929.[2] However actual production of machine guns was prohibited in Germany under the Versailles Treaty. Rheinmetall circumvented the provisions by acquiring the majority shareholding of the Swiss manufacturer Waffenfabrik Solothurn and relocating production there. The goal was to acquire orders for the rearmament of the Reichswehr, which was modernizing its arsenal.
The design was rejected by the German Reichswehr which adopted the MG 13. Rheinmetall then turned to other companies and licensed the design to Solothurn in Switzerland and Steyr-Daimler-Puch in Austria. Production soon followed, entering the armed forces of both countries as the Solothurn S2-200 and Maschinengewehr Solothurn 1930, or MG 30, respectively. 2000–3000 were also purchased by Hungary, where it was known as the Solothurn 31.M Golyószóró.
The FÉG factory in Budapest prepared for serial production under its license, between 1931 and 1938, a few hundred were produced each year. From 1938 to 1944 9000 pcs of 31 M. Golyószóró light machine gun were produced. Every rifle company had 12 Solothurns, 9 of them were equipped with bipod as light machine gun, and 3 of them were equipped with tripod as medium machine gun. A total of more than 12000 machine guns came into the possession of the Hungarian Armed Forces and Székely National Guard of Transylvania, the 31 M.s that survived the war were kept in storage until 1956, after almost all of them were melted down.[3]
The gun is an air-cooled, recoil-operated design, firing standard 7.92×57mm Mauser ammunition, fed from a slightly curved 30-round magazine inserted in the left side of the weapon. It uses a locking ring, which is located at the end of the barrel extension, to lock the bolt.[4] Inside the locking ring, there are six sets of locking lugs, arranged as an interrupted thread, which mate with lugs cut at the rear of the bolt. Rotation of the ring, which locks and unlocks the bolt, is controlled in a mount on the outside of the ring. The gun is of relatively simple design, with most parts having a round cross-section. The tubular receiver is an extension of the barrel jacket. The butt hosts a tube which contains the return spring and its guide.[5] Safety is found on the receiver.[6]
The MG 30 fired both in semi-automatic and full automatic mode depending on how far the two-stage trigger is pulled,[7] with a rate of fire between 600 and 800 rounds per minute in full-auto. It included a folding bipod attached two-thirds down the barrel.
Rheinmetall's Borsig office modified the MG 30 design for use as an aircraft gun, producing the Flugzeugmaschinengewehr 15, or MG 15 machine gun. The primary changes were the use of a double-drum magazine holding 75 rounds, and the removal of the stock for use inside the cramped quarters of a bomber.
Further modification in 1936 led to the MG 17, which included provisions for belt-fed ammo in addition to the drums, increased the rate of fire to about 1,200 rpm, and with its design incorporating a closed-bolt firing cycle, was suitable for use on a synchronization gear system-equipped aircraft for shooting through the aircraft's own propeller.
Hungarian LMGs were different: There was a free-rotating swivel handle near the machine gun's center of gravity. The bipod was not part of the barrel jacket, the fixing clamp could rotate and the fixing springs of the bipod legs were also different. The tripod for Hungarian machine guns was equipped with an attachment, so they could also be used as an anti-aircraft machine gun, which was also used in the mountains  (Carpathians) for firing in high angle groups. The 31.M.s equipped with tripods served as medium machine guns, and those equipped with only bipods served as light machine guns. The bipod was also retained on the medium machine guns too. A small number of 31. M. machine guns were converted as flexible machine guns for the Royal Air Force. The handle and the bipod were removed from these, and their 75-round magazine was based on the German model. These were used on some light reconnaissance aircraft until they were replaced by Gebauer machine guns after 1940-41. They remained in use as anti-aircraft machine guns on the river patrol boats (River Flotilla). [3]
7.92×57mm weapons were no longer considered useful by the Luftwaffe once enough MG 131s were available. The partial armour protection of most new military aircraft had caught up with the 7.92×57mm SmK cartridge by 1940. Many MG 15, MG 17 and more modern 7.92 mm MG 81 were then used by forces on the ground, especially since 1944. Many were modified with a bipod and simple metal stock, and other belt-fed MG 17 and MG 81 were built into dedicated anti-air machine gun twin and quad mounts.[8]
Forty-seven of these machine guns were made in 7×57mm Mauser for El Salvador.[9]The Monmouth Hawks men's lacrosse team represents Monmouth University in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I men's lacrosse. Monmouth currently competes as a member of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference (MAAC) and plays its home games at Kessler Stadium in West Long Branch, New Jersey. Monmouth made its first NCAA tournament appearance in 2017 and returned to the tournament in 2021.
Lacrosse was established at Monmouth in 2012 under coach Brian Fisher and played its first season in 2014.  Monmouth had its finest season in 2017, finishing the year 14-4, and falling to Bryant 10-7 in the NCAA Tournament Opening Round.
Monmouth returned to the NCAA Tournament in 2021 finishing 8-3, winning the MAAC Championship and losing to top seed North Carolina in the NCAA Tournament 1st round.[2]
The following is a list of Monmouth's results by season as an NCAA Division I program:
National champion  
      Postseason invitational champion  

      Conference regular season champion  
      Conference regular season and conference tournament champion

      Division regular season champion
      Division regular season and conference tournament champion

      Conference tournament champion
†NCAA canceled 2020 collegiate activities due to the COVID-19 virus.
This article about a sports team in New Jersey is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This lacrosse-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Alassane N'Dour (born 12 December 1981) is a Senegalese former professional footballer who played as a defensive midfielder. During N'Dour's professional career, he played for clubs in France, England and Greece.
N'Dour played for AS Saint-Étienne and Troyes AC, both in France. In 2003–04 he spent time on loan at West Bromwich Albion.
He also played for the Senegal national team and was a participant at the 2002 FIFA World Cup.
In February 2008 N'Dour joined Walsall on loan until the end of the 2007–08 season.[1] His performance in the 2–1 home win against Tranmere Rovers on 5 April 2008 saw him named in the League One Team of the Week.[2]
From 15 May 2009 he signed in Greece, to Doxa Drama, a historic team of Greek football, promoting to the second division in the 2009–10 season as champion of the third Division North.

This biographical article related to association football in Senegal, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.American Sentinel University was a private for-profit online university focused on nursing education and headquartered in Denver Colorado. It was regionally accredited by the Higher Learning Commission[1] and nationally accredited by the Distance Education Accrediting Commission[2] prior to its acquisition by Post University in March 2021. Now it is known as the American Sentinel College of Nursing and Health Sciences at Post University and accredited by the New England Commission of Higher Education.
American Sentinel University was established through the integration of three separate schools: American College of Computer & Information Sciences, Sentinel University and American Graduate School of Management. The combined school offered the technology programs of the former and the business programs of the latter. The merger also created additional offerings within the same areas and expanded offerings to new areas such as healthcare.
Sentinel University was founded in 2004. The American Graduate School of Management was founded in 2000. The American College of Computer & Information Sciences was founded in 1988 by Lloyd E. Clayton Jr. as the American Institute of Computer Science.[3]
American Sentinel University merged with Post University in March 2021,[4] becoming the American Sentinel College of Nursing & Health Sciences.
American Sentinel College of Nursing and Health Sciences offers an online Bachelor's degree program for RN to BSN completion (nursing) in a traditional online format as well as a competency-based RN to BSN Powered by SIMPath program. The college offers master's degree programs in nursing and healthcare management. Doctoral degree programs are offered in nursing practice. There is also a certificate program in Infection Prevention and Control.
The university's undergraduate and graduate nursing programs are accredited by the Commission on Collegiate Nursing Education.[5]
India participated in the 1954 Asian Games held in Manila, Philippines from 1 May 1954 to 9 May 1954. India was ranked fifth with 5 gold medals, 4 silver medals and 8 bronze medals in the overall medal table, in the second edition of the Asian Games.[1]
Parduman Singh Brar won two gold medals in athletics. K. P. Thakkar won a bronze medal in diving.
As of the conclusion of the 2022 Asian Games, 1954 remains the last edition where India won any medals in diving.
Head coach:  Balaidas Chatterjee[8]

This article about sports in India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Asian Games article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 29th Filmfare Awards were held in 1982.
Films belonging to the Parallel Cinema and Indian New Wave won most of the awards at the ceremony, signaling a trend where filmmakers and audiences were moving towards more meaningful cinema.
Ek Duuje Ke Liye led the ceremony with 13 nominations, followed by Chakra with 6 nominations, Baseraa and Kalyug with 5 nominations each, and Umrao Jaan with 3 nominations.
Chakra, Ek Duuje Ke Liye, Kalyug & Kudrat won 3 awards each, thus becoming the most-awarded films at the ceremony.
Amitabh Bachchan received dual nominations for Best Actor for his performances in Laawaris and Silsila, but lost to Naseeruddin Shah who won the award for Chakra.
Amjad Khan also received dual nominations for Best Supporting Actor for his performances in Love Story and Yaarana, winning for the latter.
Kalyug
Muzaffar Ali – Umrao Jaan
Naseeruddin Shah – Chakra
Smita Patil – Chakra
Amjad Khan – Yaarana
Supriya Pathak – Kalyug
Utpal Dutt – Naram Garam
Kudrat – Chetan Anand
Ek Duuje Ke Liye – K. Balachander
Meri Awaaz Suno – Kader Khan
Umrao Jaan – Khayyam
Ek Duuje Ke Liye – Anand Bakshi for Tere Mere Beech Main
Love Story – Amit Kumar for Teri Yaad Aa Rahi Hai
Kudrat – Parveen Sultana for Humein Tumse Pyaar Kitna
Chakra – Bansi Chandragupta [1]
Kudrat – Jal Mistry [2]
Ek Duuje Ke Liye – K. R. Kitoo [3]
Kalyug – Hitendra Ghosh [4]
Padmini Kolhapure – Ahista Ahista
Aadarshila
Faces After the Storm
Aphronastes subfasciatus is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Aphronastes. It was described by Fairmaire in 1896.[1]

This Acanthocinini article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
History of a Six Weeks' Tour through a part of France, Switzerland, Germany, and Holland; with Letters Descriptive of a Sail Round the Lake of Geneva and of the Glaciers of Chamouni is a travel narrative by the English Romantic authors Mary Shelley and Percy Bysshe Shelley. Published anonymously in 1817, it describes two trips taken by Mary, Percy, and Mary's stepsister, Claire Clairmont: one across Europe in 1814, and one to Lake Geneva in 1816. Divided into three sections, the text consists of a journal, four letters, and Percy Shelley's poem "Mont Blanc". Apart from the poem, preface, and two letters, the text was primarily written and organised by Mary Shelley. In 1840 she revised the journal and the letters, republishing them in a collection of Percy Shelley's writings.
Part of the new genre of the Romantic travel narrative, History of a Six Weeks' Tour exudes spontaneity and enthusiasm; the authors demonstrate their desire to develop a sense of taste and distinguish themselves from those around them. The romantic elements of the work would have hinted at the text's radical politics to nineteenth-century readers. However, the text's frank discussion of politics, including positive references to the French Revolution and praise of Enlightenment philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau, was unusual for a travel narrative at the time, particularly one authored primarily by a woman.
Although it sold poorly, History of a Six Weeks' Tour received favourable reviews. In proposing another travel narrative to her publisher in 1843, Mary Shelley claimed "my 6 weeks tour brought me many compliments".[1]
Mary Godwin and Percy Shelley met and fell in love in 1814. Percy Shelley initially visited the Godwin household because he was interested in meeting his philosophical hero, Mary's father, William Godwin. However, Mary and Percy soon began having secret rendezvous, despite the fact that Percy was already married. To Mary's dismay, her father disapproved of their extramarital affair and tried to thwart the relationship. On 28 July 1814, Mary and Percy secretly left for France, taking Mary's stepsister, Claire Clairmont, with them.[2]
The trio travelled for six weeks, from 28 July to 13 September 1814, through France, Switzerland, Germany, and the Netherlands (which is referred to as "Holland"); however, they were forced to return to England due to financial considerations. The situation upon their return was fraught with complications: Mary had become pregnant with a child who would soon die, she and Percy now found themselves penniless, and, to Mary's genuine surprise, her father refused to have anything to do with her.[3][4]
In May 1816, Mary Godwin, Percy Shelley, and their second child travelled to Geneva with Claire Clairmont. They spent the summer months with the Romantic poet Lord Byron, but, as Mary Shelley later wrote of the year without a summer, "[i]t proved a wet, ungenial summer and incessant rain often confined us for days to the house".[a] The group spent their time writing, boating on Lake Geneva, and talking late into the night. Sitting around a log fire at Byron's villa, the company also amused themselves by reading German ghost stories, prompting Byron to suggest they each write their own supernatural tale. Mary Godwin began writing what she assumed would be a short story, but with Percy Shelley's encouragement and collaboration, she expanded this tale into her first novel, Frankenstein: or, The Modern Prometheus.[6][7]
Mary, Percy, and Claire returned to England in September and on 30 December 1816 Percy and Mary married (two weeks after the death of Percy's first wife), healing the family rift.[8][9] In March 1817, the Shelleys and Claire moved to Marlow, Buckinghamshire. At Marlow, they entertained friends, worked hard at their writing, and often discussed politics.[10] Early in the summer of 1817, Mary Shelley finished Frankenstein, which was published anonymously in January 1818. She also began work on History of a Six Weeks' Tour, which was published in November 1817.
In the summer of 1817, Mary Shelley started to assemble the couple's joint diary from their 1814 journey into a travel book.[11] At what point she decided to include the letters from the 1816 Geneva trip and Percy Shelley's poem "Mont Blanc" is unclear, but by 28 September the journal and the letters were a single text.[12] By the middle of October she was making fair copies for the press and correcting and transcribing Frankenstein for publication while Percy was working on The Revolt of Islam.[12][13][14] Percy probably corrected and copyedited the journal section while Mary did the same for his letters.[15] Advertisements for the work appeared on 30 October in the Morning Chronicle and on 1 November in The Times, promising a 6 November release. However, the work was not actually published until 12 and 13 November.[15] It was Mary Shelley's first published work.[16][b]
History of a Six Weeks' Tour begins with a "Preface", written by Percy Shelley,[11] followed by the journal section. The journal consists of edited entries from the joint diary that Percy and Mary Shelley kept during their 1814 trip to the Continent, specifically those from 28 July to 13 September 1814. Of the 8,500 words in the journal section, 1,150 are from Percy's entries and either copied verbatim or only slightly paraphrased. Almost all of the passages describing the sublime are in Percy's words.[c] When Mary turned to her own entries, however, she significantly revised them; according to Jeanne Moskal, the editor of the recent definitive edition of the Tour, "almost nothing of her original phrasing remains". She even included sections of Claire Clairmont's journal.[20]
The second section of the text consists of four "Letters written during a Residence of Three Months in the Environs of Geneva, in the Summer of the Year 1816". The first two letters are signed "M" and the second two "S". The first two are attributed to Mary Shelley, but their origin is obscure. As Moskal writes, "the obvious inference is that they are literary versions of lost private epistles to Fanny Godwin", Mary Shelley's stepsister who remained in England and with whom she corresponded during the journey.[21] However, Moskal also notes that there is a missing Mary Shelley notebook from precisely this time, from which the material in these letters could have come: "It is extremely likely that this notebook contained the same kind of mix of entries made by both Shelleys that the surviving first (July 1814 – May 1815) and second (July 1816 – June 1819) journal notebooks exhibit....Furthermore, Letter I contains four short passages found almost verbatim in P. B. Shelley's letter of 15 May to T. L. Peacock."[21] The third and fourth letters are composites of Mary's journal entry for 21 July and one of Percy's letters to Peacock.[13]
The third section of the text consists only of Percy's poem "Mont Blanc. Lines written in the vale of Chamouni"; it was the first and only publication of the poem in his lifetime.[22] It has been argued by leading Percy Shelley scholar Donald Reiman that the History of a Six Weeks' Tour is arranged so as to lead up to "Mont Blanc". However, those who see the work as primarily a picturesque travel narrative argue that the descriptions of Alpine scenes would have been familiar to early nineteenth-century audiences and they would not have expected a poetic climax.[23]
In 1839, History of a Six Weeks' Tour was revised and republished as "Journal of a Six Weeks' Tour" and "Letters from Geneva" in Essays, Letters from Abroad, Translations and Fragments, by Percy Bysshe Shelley, Edited by Mrs. Shelley (1840). Although these works were not by her husband, she decided to include them because they were "part of his life", as she explained to her friend Leigh Hunt. She appended her initials to the works to indicate her authorship.[24] As Moskal explains, "the unity of the 1817 volume as a volume was dissolved" to make way for a biography of Percy Shelley. After Percy Shelley drowned in 1822, his father forbade Mary Shelley from writing a memoir or biography of the poet.[25] She therefore added significant biographical notices to the edited collections of his works.[26] The 1840 version of History of a Six Weeks' Tour has four major types of changes according to Moskal: "(i) modernization and correction of spelling, punctuation and French (ii) self-distancing from the familial relationship with Claire Clairmont (iii) a heightened sensitivity to national identity (iv) presentation of the travelers as a writing, as well as reading, circle".[27] As a result of these changes, more of Percy Shelley’s writing was included in the 1840 version than in the 1817 version. In 1845, Mary Shelley published a one-volume edition with additional minor changes, based on the 1840 version.[27]
History of a Six Weeks' Tour consists of three major sections: a journal, letters from Geneva, and the poem "Mont Blanc". It begins with a short preface, which claims "nothing can be more unpresuming than this little volume"[28] and makes it clear that the couple in the narrative is married (although Mary and Percy were not at the time).[29]
The journal, which switches between the first-person singular and plural but never identifies its narrators, describes Percy, Mary, and Claire's 1814 six-week tour across the Continent. It is divided by country: France, Switzerland, Germany, and the Netherlands. After the group arrives in Calais and proceeds to Paris, they decide on a plan: "After talking over and rejecting many plans, we fixed on one eccentric enough, but which, from its romance, was very pleasing to us. In England we could not have put it in execution without sustaining continual insult and impertinence: the French are far more tolerant of the vagaries of their neighbours. We resolved to walk through France".[30] Each day they enter a new town; but even while travelling, they spend time writing and reading. The journal comments on the people they meet, the countryside, and the current events that have shaped the environment. Some of what they see is beautiful and some is "barren and wretched".[31] Percy sprains his ankle, which becomes an increasing problem—the group is forced to hire a carriage. By the time the trio reaches Lucerne, they are nearly out of money and decide to return home. They return by boat along the Rhine, the cheapest mode of travel. Despite problems with unreliable boats and dangerous waters, they see some beautiful scenery before landing in England.
The four "Letters from Geneva" cover the period between May and July 1816, which the Shelleys spent at Lake Geneva and switch between the singular and plural first-person. Letters I, II, and IV describe the sublime aspects of Mont Blanc, the Alps, Lake Geneva, and the glaciers around Chamonix:
Mont Blanc was before us, but it was covered with cloud; its base, furrowed with dreadful gaps, was seen above. Pinnacles of snow intolerably bright, part of the chain connected with Mont Blanc, shone through the clouds at intervals on high. I never knew—I never imagined what mountains were before. The immensity of these serial summits excited, when they suddenly burst upon the sight, a sentiment of extatic  [sic] wonder, not unallied to madness.[32]
Letter III describes a tour around the environs of Vevey and other places associated with the Enlightenment philosopher Jean-Jacques Rousseau: "This journey has been on every account delightful, but most especially, because then I first knew the divine beauty of Rousseau's imagination, as it exhibits itself in Julie."[33]
"Mont Blanc" compares the sublime aspect of the mountain to the human imagination:
The everlasting universe of things
Flows through the mind, and rolls its rapid waves,
Now dark—now glittering—now reflecting gloom...
Thus thou, ravine of Arve—dark, deep ravine—
Thou many-coloured, many-voiced vale...[34]
While emphasising the ability of the human imagination to uncover truth through a study of nature, the poem also questions religious certainty. However, according to the poem only a privileged few are able to see nature as it truly is and reveal its secrets to the world.[35]
History of a Six Weeks' Tour is a travel narrative, part of a literary tradition begun in the seventeenth century. Through the sixteenth, seventeenth, and eighteenth centuries, Continental travel was considered educational: young, aristocratic gentlemen completed their studies by learning European languages abroad and visiting foreign courts.[37] In the early seventeenth century, however, the emphasis shifted from classical learning to empirical experience, such as knowledge of topography, history, and culture. Detailed travel books, including personal travel narratives, began to be published and became popular in the eighteenth century: over 1,000 individual travel narratives and travel miscellanies were published between 1660 and 1800.[37] The empiricism that was driving the Scientific Revolution spread to travel literature; for example, Lady Mary Wortley Montagu included information she learned in Turkey regarding smallpox inoculation in her travel letters.[38] By 1742, critic and essayist Samuel Johnson was recommending that travellers engage in "a moral and ethical study of men and manners" in addition to a scientific study of topography and geography.[38]
Over the course of the eighteenth century, the Grand Tour became increasingly popular; travel to the Continent for Britain's elite was not only educational but also nationalistic. All aristocratic gentlemen took similar trips and visited similar sites, often devoted to developing an appreciation of Britain from abroad.[38] The Grand Tour was celebrated as educational travel when it involved exchanging scientific information with the intellectual elite, learning about other cultures, and preparing oneself to lead. However, it was condemned as trivial when the tourist simply purchased curio collectibles, acquired a "superficial social polish", and pursued fleeting sexual relationships.[38] During the Napoleonic Wars, the Continent was closed to British travellers and the Grand Tour came under increasing criticism, particularly from radicals such as William Godwin who scorned its aristocratic connections.[38] Young Romantic writers criticised its lack of spontaneity; they celebrated Madame de Staёl's novel Corinne (1807), which depicts proper travel as "immediate, sensitive, and above all [an] enthusiastic experience".[39]
A new form of travel emerged—Romantic travel—which focused on developing "taste", rather than acquiring objects, and having "enthusiastic experiences". History of a Six Weeks' Tour embodies this new style of travel.[39] It is a specifically Romantic travel narrative because of its enthusiasm and the writers' desire to develop a sense of "taste". The travellers are open to new experiences, changing their itinerary frequently and using whatever vehicles they can find.[40] For example, at one point in the journal, Mary Shelley muses:
The money we had brought with us from Paris was nearly exhausted, but we obtained about £38. in silver upon discount from one of the bankers in the city, and with this we resolved to journey towards the lake of Uri, and seek in that romantic and interesting country some cottage where we might dwell in peace and solitude. Such were our dreams, which we should probably have realized, had it not been for the deficiency of that indispensable article money, which obliged us to return to England.[41][42]
Not everything she encounters is beautiful, however, and she juxtaposes her distaste for the German working class with her delight with French servants. Although politically liberal, Mary Shelley is aesthetically repelled by the Germans and therefore excludes them.[43] Unlike the non-discriminating Claire Clairmont, Shelley feels free to make judgments of the scenes around her; Shelley writes that Claire "on looking at this scene...exclaimed, 'Oh! this is beautiful enough; let us live here.' This was her exclamation on every new scene, and as each surpassed the one before, she cried, 'I am glad we did not stay at Charenton, but let us live here' ".[44] Shelley also compares herself positively to the French peasants who are unaware that Napoleon has been deposed. As scholar Angela Jones contends, "Shelley may be said to figure herself as a more knowledgeable, disinterested English outsider capable of rendering impartial judgment"—an Enlightenment value.[44]
However, as Romanticist Jacqueline Labbe argues, Mary Shelley challenges the conventions of the Romantic travel narrative as well. For example, one reviewer wrote, "now and then a French phrase drops sweetly enough from [the author's] fair mouth",[45] and as Labbe explains, these phrases are supposed to lead the reader to imagine a "beautiful heroine and her group passing easily from village to village".[45] However, both French quotations in History of a Six Weeks' Tour undercut this Romantic image. The first describes the overturning of a boat and the drowning of its occupants; the second is a warning not to travel on foot through France, as Napoleon's army has just been disbanded and the women are in danger of rape.[46]
While the overarching generic category for History of a Six Weeks' Tour is that of the travel narrative, its individual sections can be considered separately. The first journey is told as a "continuous, undated diary entry" while the second journey is told through epistolary and lyric forms.[47] Moskal agrees with Reiman that the book was constructed to culminate in "Mont Blanc" and she notes that this was accomplished using a traditional hierarchy of genres—diary, letters, poem—a hierarchy that is gendered as Mary Shelley's writings are superseded by Percy's.[47] However, these traditional gender-genre associations are undercut by the implicit acknowledgment of Mary Shelley as the primary author, with her journal giving the entire work its name and contributing the bulk of the text.[48]
The journal is also threaded through with elements of the medieval and Gothic romance tradition: "accounts of ruined castles, enchanting valleys, and sublime views".[49] In fact, in "The English in Italy", Mary Shelley writes of the journey that "it was acting in a novel, being an incarnate romance".[36] However, these romantic descriptions are often ambiguous. Often single sentences contain juxtapositions between "romance" and "reality": "Many villages, ruined by war, occupied the most romantic spots".[49] She also references Don Quixote, but he was "famous for his delusions of romance", as Labbe points out.[49] Mary Shelley's allusions to Cervantes's Don Quixote (1605) not only places her text in a romance tradition, they would also have hinted at its radicalism to contemporary readers. During the 1790s, Mary Shelley's father, William Godwin, connected his support for the French Revolution with the romance tradition, specifically Don Quixote and any allusion to the novel would have signalled Godwinian radicalism to readers at the time. It would also have suggested support for reform efforts in Spain, which was rebelling against Napoleon.[50] The beginning of the journal is dominated by romance conventions, but this style disappears when the travellers run out of money. However, romance conventions briefly return during the trip down the Rhine.[51] As Labbe argues, "it would appear that while [Shelley] seems to be industriously salting her narrative with romance in order, perhaps, to garner public approval, she also ... exposes the falsity of such a scheme."[49]
One of the most important influences on History of a Six Weeks' Tour was Letters Written in Sweden, Norway, and Denmark (1796), written by Mary Shelley's mother Mary Wollstonecraft. A travel narrative that reflects on topography, politics, society, aesthetics, and the author's personal feelings, it provided a model for Mary Shelley's work.[52] Like her mother, Mary Shelley revealed her liberalism by boldly discussing politics; however, this political tone was unusual for travel works at the time and was considered inappropriate for women writers.[53] Like Wollstonecraft's Letters, History of a Six Weeks' Tour blurs the line between private and public spheres by using intimate genres such as the journal and the letter, allowing Mary Shelley to present political opinions through personal anecdote and the picturesque.[54]
History of a Six Weeks' Tour is part of a liberal reaction to recent history: its trajectory begins with a survey of the devastation of the Napoleonic Wars and ends by celebrating the sublime in nature. William Wordsworth's 1850 The Prelude and the third canto of Byron's Childe Harold's Pilgrimage follow a similar course.[55] As Moskal explains, "nature is troped as the repository of a sublimity, once incarnated in Napoleon, that will re-emerge in politics".[55] The book is therefore not only a liberal political statement but also a Romantic celebration of nature.[56]
The journal begins with, as Moskal describes, a "view of Napoleon's shattered political power".[48] He had just been exiled to Elba a few months before the Shelleys arrived in Europe. Surveying the devastation caused by the Napoleonic Wars, Mary Shelley worries about how the British will handle Paris and grieves over the "ruin" brought to the small French town of Nogent by the Cossacks.[48] Between the two journeys recorded in the text, Napoleon returned to power in the so-called Hundred Days and was defeated at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815. The four letters from Geneva reflect obliquely on this event. As Moskal argues, "the Shelleys focus on the forms of sublimity and power that outlast Napoleon: the literary genius of Rousseau and the natural sublimity of Lake Geneva and Mont Blanc".[48] Both Shelleys use their works in History of a Six Weeks' Tour to assess and evaluate the French Revolution, making it a highly political travel narrative.[57] In Letter II, Mary Shelley writes:
Here a small obelisk is erected to the glory of Rousseau, and here (such is the mutability of human life) the magistrates, the successors of those who exiled him from his native country, were shot by the populace during that revolution, which his writing mainly contributed to mature, and which, notwithstanding the temporary bloodshed and injustice with which it was polluted, has produced enduring benefits to mankind.[58]
Mary Shelley also includes positive portrayals of the French people. As Mary Shelley scholar Betty T. Bennett explains, "politically pointed, these accolades underscore the link between the 1814 defeated enemy of Britain and the pre-Napoleon democratic spirit of the 1789 Revolution, a spirit the Shelleys wished to reactivate".[56]
Lives of people interested Mary Shelley and she recorded them, but she also recorded a great deal of the travellers' own feelings, suggesting to the reader the appropriate reaction.[59][60] For example, she wrote of the French town Nogent:
Nothing could be more entire than the ruin which these barbarians had spread as they advanced; perhaps they remembered Moscow and the destruction of the Russian villages; but we were now in France, and the distress of the inhabitants, whose houses had been burned, their cattle killed, and all their wealth destroyed, has given a sting to my detestation of war, which none can feel who have not travelled through a country pillaged and wasted by this plague, which, in his pride, man inflicts upon his fellow.[61]
History of a Six Weeks' Tour received three major reviews, mostly favourable. However, the book did not sell well. Percy Shelley discovered in April or May 1820 that there were no profits to pay the printer and when Charles Ollier, the co-publisher, went out of business in 1823, his inventory included 92 copies of the work.[1] Still, Mary Shelley believed the work was successful, and when she proposed another travel narrative, Rambles in Germany and Italy, to publisher Edward Moxon in 1843, she wrote "my 6 weeks tour brought me many compliments". Her comments may have been self-interested, however.[1]
The first review of History of a Six Weeks' Tour was published by The Eclectic Review in May 1818, which reviewed the book along with publisher Thomas Hookham's account of a Swiss tour, A Walk through Switzerland in September 1816.[63] Although both works share the same fascination with Rousseau and his liberal ideas, only Hookham is attacked; as scholar Benjamin Colbert explains, "Shelley tends to remain on more neutral territory", such as the cult of sensibility and the novel Julie.[63] However, the reviewer questions the authenticity of the work: "To us...the value of the book is considerably lessened by a strong suspicion that the dramatis personae are fictitious, and that the little adventures introduced for the purpose of giving life and interest to the narration, are the mere invention of the Author."[64] He identifies passages that remind him of similar travel narratives by Patrick Brydone, Ann Radcliffe, and John Carr, effectively identifying the generic tradition in which the Shelleys were writing.[64]
The second and most positive review was published by Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine in July 1818.[65] The reviewer was most impressed with the journal section, particularly its informality and concision: "the perusal of it rather produces the same effect as a smart walk before breakfast, in company with a lively friend who hates long stories".[66] Covertly comparing the work to bluestocking Lady Morgan's recent France (1817), the reviewer found the female writer of History of a Six Weeks' Tour much more favourable: "The writer of this little volume, too, is a Lady, and writes like one, with ease, gracefulness, and vivacity. Above all, there is something truly delightful in the colour of her stockings; they are of the purest white, and much more becoming than the brightest blue."[1] The Monthly Review published a short review in January 1819; they found the first journey "hurried" but the second one better described.[66]
For most of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, Mary Shelley was known as the author of Frankenstein and the wife of famous Romantic poet Percy Bysshe Shelley. It was not until the 1970s, with the rise of feminist literary criticism, that scholars began to pay attention to her other works. In fact, with the exception of Frankenstein and The Last Man, until the 1990s almost all of Mary Shelley's writings had gone out of print or only been available in expensive, scholarly editions.[67] It was not until the publication of scholarship by Mary Poovey and Anne K. Mellor in the 1980s that Mary Shelley's "other" works—her short stories, essays, reviews, dramas, biographies, travel narratives, and other novels—began to be recognised as literary achievements.[68]

Greg Packham (born 1 March 1959) is a former Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s.
From Ballarat, Packham started his career at St Kilda in 1982 and kicked 24 goals from 12 appearances that year.[1] He played just five further games for St Kilda and finished with an unusual statistic of having kicked at least one goal in every one of his 17 league games.[2]
The red haired forward then returned to his original club Redan and in 1981 won the Henderson Medal, awarded to the best and fairest player in the Ballarat Football League. He was later named as a forward pocket in Redan's official "Team of the 20th Century".
In 1985, he played for Caulfield in the Victorian Football Association, and he finished second in the J. Field Medal for best and fairest of Division 2.[3] In 1986, he tied for the Grogan Medal, with Coorparoo's Brendan McMullen, in the 1986 Queensland Australian Football League season with Kedron.[4]Salavatabad (Kurdish: سلوات ئاوا ، سه له وات ئاوا, Persian: صلوات آباد) is a mountain[1][2] in the west part of Sanandaj city, Kurdistan province, western Iran.
It is one a subrange of Zagros Mountains in the west of Iran.
Papaver armeniacum has been found growing on the mountain.[2]
The main road connecting Sanandaj to Hamedan crosses the mountains.
The river of "Qeshlaq" (Kurdish:قشلاق), a branch of Sirvan River, runs adjacent to the mountain range.

This Kurdistan province location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This mountain, mountain range, or peak related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
William Jennings Bryan
Woodrow Wilson
From March 19 to June 4, 1912, voters of the Democratic Party elected delegates to the 1912 Democratic National Convention for the purpose of choosing a nominee for president in the 1912 election.[1]
The primaries were inconclusive, with Speaker of the House Champ Clark holding a lead over Woodrow Wilson, but neither candidate close to the two-thirds of the delegates necessary to secure the nomination. In third place, Ohio governor Judson Harmon boasted the support of his home state and New York, the largest single delegation. House Majority Leader Oscar Underwood had strong support from the Deep South but little appeal outside the region.
At the convention, Wilson eventually secured the nomination over Clark after forty back-and-forth ballots.
Defeated at convention:July 2, 1912
Defeated at convention:July 2, 1912
Nanakwas is a village in Mahendragarh district, Haryana, India.[1][2]
Generally the climate is dry, with 461 mm of precipitation annually. It is hot in summer and cold in winter. The Köppen climate classification is BSh. The average annual temperature is 25.1 °C. The warmest month is June, with an average temperature of 34.1 °C. The coldest month is January, when the average temperature is 14.4 °C.[3]
EC Value in Micro Mhos/Cm is above 6000.[4]
Ishmilpur

This Haryana location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Kamaran (IATA: KAM , ICAO: OYKM) is an airport serving the village of Kamaran on Kamaran Island in Yemen.
A poorly defined north–south runway exists, with a reported length of 1,800 metres (5,906 ft). The runway is not easily seen, but does have markings.[2]

This article about a location in Yemen is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a Yemeni airport is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
in Europe (dark grey)  –  [Legend]
Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) people in Norway have the same legal rights as non-LGBTQ people.[1][2][3] In 1981, Norway became one of the first countries in the world to enact an anti-discrimination law explicitly including sexual orientation. Same-sex marriage, adoption, and assisted insemination treatments for lesbian couples have been legal since 2009. In 2016, Norway became the fourth country in Europe to pass a law allowing the change of legal sex for transgender people based on self-determination. On 1 January 2024, conversion therapy became legally banned within Norway.
Much like the other Nordic countries, Norway is frequently referred to as one of the world's most LGBTQ-friendly nations,[4] with high societal acceptance and tolerance of LGBTQ people. Opinion polls in 2018 found very high levels of support for same-sex marriage among the Norwegian public.[5] In 2024, Norway was ranked as the best country for same-sex couples to legally marry.[6]
Same-sex sexual activity between men has been legal since 1972.[7] Same-sex acts between women were not penalized in Norway. The age of consent is set at 16 years, regardless of gender and of sexual orientation.
In April 2022, on the 50th anniversary of the legalization, the government of Norway made formal apologies to all victims of the ban on sex between men.[8][9]
On 18 November 2004, two MPs from the Socialist Left Party introduced a bill to abolish the existing registered partnership law, and make the marriage law gender-neutral. The move was withdrawn and replaced by a request that the cabinet further investigate the issue. The conservative cabinet of that time did not look into the issue. However, the second Stoltenberg Cabinet announced a common, unified marriage act as part of its foundation document, the Soria Moria statement. A public hearing was opened on 16 May 2007.
On 29 May 2008, the Associated Press reported that two Norwegian opposition parties had come out in favour of the new bill, assuring its passage in the Storting. Prior to this, there were some disagreements with members of the current three-party governing coalition on whether the bill had enough votes to pass.
On 14 March 2008, the Norwegian Government proposed a marriage bill that would give lesbian and gay couples the same rights as heterosexuals, including religious weddings (if the church so chooses), adoption and assisted pregnancies. The first parliamentary hearing was held on 11 June 2008, where the bill was approved by 84 votes to 41. The new legislation amended the definition of civil marriage to make it gender-neutral. Norway's upper legislative chamber (Lagtinget) passed the bill in a 23–17 vote. The King of Norway granted royal assent thereafter. The law took effect on 1 January 2009.[10]
Prior to the gender-neutral marriage law, a registered partnership law had been in effect since 1993. Partnerskapsloven, as it was known in Norwegian, granted many marriage rights to same-sex couples, only without calling it marriage. Since 1991, unregistered same-sex cohabitation has been recognized by the state for the granting of limited rights, such as being considered as next of kin for medical decisions, and in the event of wrongful death of one partner the other partner was entitled to compensation.[11]
In 2014, the Church of Norway's National Council voted down a proposal to perform same-sex marriages in the church.[12] In 2015, it reversed course and voted to allow same-sex marriages to take place in its churches.[13] The decision was ratified at the annual conference on 11 April 2016.[14][15][16] In August 2023, the Church of Norway formally removed the "archaic and draconian cohabitation ban". Now cohabiting same-sex couples (as employees of the Church of Norway) are fully recognised.[17]
Married and committed same-sex couples are permitted to adopt under Norwegian law. Stepchild adoption has been allowed for registered partners since 2002.[18] Full adoption rights were granted to same-sex couples in 2009. Additionally, lesbian couples have access to artificial insemination. Pursuant to the same-sex marriage law, when a woman who is married to or in a stable co-habiting relationship with another woman becomes pregnant through artificial insemination, the other partner will have all the rights and duties of parenthood "from the moment of conception".
Lesbian, gay and bisexual people can serve openly in the Armed Forces. They have had full rights and anti-discrimination protections since 1979.[19][20] Transgender persons may serve openly as well.[21]
In 1981, Norway became the first country in the world to enact a law to prevent discrimination against LGBT people by amending Paragraph 349a of its Penal Code, prohibiting discrimination based on sexual orientation in the provision of goods or services and in access to public gatherings. In the same year, Paragraph 135a of the Penal Code was amended to prohibit hate speech on account of sexual orientation.[22] The country has banned discrimination based on sexual orientation in employment since 1998. Norway also has a law prohibiting discrimination based on gender identity and expression since 2013,[23] and is one of the few countries in the world to explicitly protect intersex people from discrimination.[24]
Section 5 of the Act on the Prohibition of Discrimination on the grounds of Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity and Gender Expression (Norwegian: Lov om forbud mot diskriminering på grunn av seksuell orientering, kjønnsidentitet og kjønnsuttrykk), enacted in 2013, states as follows:[25]
Discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression shall be prohibited. The prohibition shall apply to discrimination on the basis of actual, assumed, former or future sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression.
"Discrimination" shall mean direct and indirect differential treatment that is not lawful, [...], and that is due to sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression.
According to a 2013 survey entitled "Sexual orientation and living conditions" (Seksuell orientering og levekår) from the University of Bergen, nine out of ten LGBT respondents reported not being exposed to discrimination or harassment at the workplace. In addition, only a small minority stated they had been physically assaulted, and suicide among LGBT people has significantly decreased since the 1990s. Nevertheless, homosexual boys reported a six times higher occurrence of bullying in schools than heterosexual boys.[26]
According to the Oslo Police District, 238 bias-motivated crimes had occurred in Oslo in 2018, of which 20 percent related to LGBT status; the remaining relating to ethnicity (57%), religion (17%), disability (3%) or anti-Semitism (3%).[27]
The Norwegian Institute of Social Research reported in 2019 that LGBT people were more at risk of experiencing hate speech. Fifteen percent of LGBT respondents reported having been the target of personal threats, mostly online, compared to four percent among the general population.[26]
In November 2020, the Storting amended the country's hate speech law to protect bisexual and transgender people.[28][29][30] The law has protected gay and lesbian people from hate speech since 1981.
On 18 March 2016, the Solberg Government introduced a bill to allow legal sex change without any form of psychiatric or psychological evaluation, diagnosis or any kind of medical intervention, by people aged at least 16. Minors aged between 6 and 16 may transition with parental consent.[31][32][33] The bill was approved by a vote of 79–13 by Parliament on 6 June.[34][35] It was promulgated on 17 June and took effect on 1 July 2016.[33][36] One month after the law took effect, 190 people had already applied to change their gender.[37]
Access to gender affirming healthcare in Norway still requires a psychiatric diagnosis, at which point the patient is referred to the National Treatment Centre for Gender Incongruence (NTCGI) at Oslo University Hospital. Treatment is not offered to nonbinary patients.[38] Only a quarter of referred patients are allowed access to gender-affirming healthcare, with those disqualified having no alternative options.[39]
In 2020, the Norwegian Directorate for Health, the governmental body that develops health guidelines, released one for gender incongruence recommending puberty blockers between Tanner stage 2 and the age of 16 following an interdisciplinary assessment, stating they were reversible and there is no reliable evidence of adverse long-term effects.[40][41][42]
In February 2023, Esben Esther Pirelli Benestad, one of the leading transgender healthcare providers in Norway, was stripped of their medical license over, ostensibly, the provision of gender-affirming treatment which diverged from the guidelines of the NTCGI. Media reporting depicted the delicensing as part of the ongoing disputes over best practice in transgender healthcare.[43] They appealed the decision of the Norwegian Board of Health Supervision and had their medical licence conditionally restored, in part, in April 2023.[44]
In 2023, the Norwegian Healthcare Investigation Board, an independent non-governmental organization, issued a non-binding report finding "there is insufficient evidence for the use of puberty blockers and cross sex hormone treatments in young people" and recommended changing to a cautious approach.[45][46] The Norwegian Healthcare Investigation Board is not responsible for setting healthcare policy, and the Directorate, which is, has not implemented the recommendations, though they have said they are considering them.[45][40][42] Misinformation that Norway had banned gender affirming care proliferated on social media.[40]
A 2023 report reported that many patients reported negative experiences with the public treatment service, including patients not being taken seriously, leading to many losing confidence in the service. Non-binary people were still without treatment, despite the relevant guideline from 2020 explicitly calling for equal access to treatment for non-binary people. The report also highlighted a lack of competence related to diversity in gender and sexuality among medical practitioners.[47]
Intersex infants in Norway may undergo medical interventions to have their sex characteristics altered. Human rights groups increasingly consider these surgeries unnecessary and, they argue, should only be performed if the applicant consents to the operation. A 2019 survey from the Oslo University Hospital showed that two out of three medical professionals were willing to perform such surgeries, and parents were overall supportive of the move.[48] In March 2019, the Norwegian Directorate for Children, Youth and Family Affairs published two reports, recommending postponing such medical interventions on intersex infants until they are able to consent.[49]
In 2000, the Norwegian Psychiatric Association overwhelmingly voted for the position statement that "homosexuality is no disorder or illness, and can therefore not be subject to treatment. A 'treatment' with the only aim of changing sexual orientation from homosexual to heterosexual must be regarded as ethical malpractice, and should have no place in the health system".[50] Membership of the Norwegian Psychiatric Association accounts for at least 90 percent of authorized psychiatrists in Norway.[51]
On 12 December 2023, a bill banning conversion therapy was approved by the Parliament in a 85–15 vote.[52][53] The ban had been under discussion since December 2019.[53] Substantive discussion in the Storting of laws to enact the ban were delayed until Autumn (April–June) 2023, due to opposition by some government ministers.[54] The law prohibiting conversion therapy came into effect on 1 January 2024.[55]
In Norway, as in many other countries, men who have sex with men (MSM) were previously not allowed to donate blood. In June 2016, the Norwegian Directorate for Health and Social Affairs announced it would make an end to this ban, and implement a 12-month deferral period instead, whereby MSM applicants would be permitted to donate provided they have not had sex in a year.[56] The new 1 year deferral period was implemented on 1 June 2017.[57]
In October 2016, Minister of Health and Care Services Bent Høie made the announcement that the HIV-prevention drug, PrEP, would be offered free of charge as part of Norway's health care system.[58][59][60]
A policy to end discrimination against men who have sex with men donating blood was planned to go into effect in 2024, but was ultimately indefinitely postponed.[61]
Norway is considered very gay-friendly.[62] The most open and inclusive community can be found in the capital, Oslo, where many gay-friendly events and venues are located including the Raballder Sports Cup and the Oslo Pride Festival.[63] Other events include the Scandinavian Ski Pride held in Hemsedal, Trondheim Pride held in Trondheim and Bergen Pride (Regnbuedagene) in Bergen.[64] 45,000 people participated in the 2019 edition of Oslo Pride, and a further 250,000 attended and watched the event, according to the organisers.[65] Several LGBT associations exist throughout the country, including the Association for Gender and Sexuality Diversity (Foreningen for kjønns- og seksualitetsmangfold), established in 1950 as the first gay organisation in Norway, Queer Youth (Skeiv Ungdom), Gay & Lesbian Health Norway, the Centre for Equality (Likestillingssenteret) and the Transgender Association (Forbundet for Transpersoner), among others. These groups variously offer helplines and counselling to LGBT youth, promote health and HIV prevention and advocate for the legal rights of same-sex couples and transgender individuals.[66] In the far north of Norway, Sápmi Pride is held annually, changing locations between Finland, Sweden and Norway every year. In March 2019, Norway was named the fourth best LGBT-friendly travel destination in the world,[67] tied with Denmark, Iceland and Finland.
The legal situation for same-sex couples is among the best in the world. Norway was the second country, after neighbouring Denmark, to offer registered partnerships to couples with many of the rights of marriage. In 2009, Norway became the sixth country in the world to legalise same-sex marriage, after the Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, Canada and South Africa. Legislation concerning adoption, gender changes for transgender people and anti-discrimination have all been amended in the past decades to include and apply to LGBT people and couples.
In 2015, media reported that there were calls to have a taxi station moved from near the entrance to Oslo's oldest gay pub. Several Muslims claimed that pictures had been taken of them entering the pub by taxi drivers parked at the station; some of these pictures were later distributed widely within Muslim communities.[68]
On 1 September 2016, King Harald V of Norway delivered an impassioned speech in favor of LGBT rights.[69][70] By 7 September, his speech had received nearly 80,000 likes on Facebook and viewed more than three million times. A part of his speech read as follows:
Norwegians are girls who love girls, boys who love boys, and boys and girls who love each other.
In July 2020, the Norwegian government announced that it would give LGBT refugees, alongside vulnerable women and children, priority. The rules only apply for the transfer of refugees from one asylum country to another for permanent resettlement.[71]
Five separate polls conducted by Gallup Europe, Sentio, Synovate MMI, Norstat and YouGov in the 2000s and 2010s showed increasing support for gender-neutral marriage laws over the period. These polls concluded that of the Norwegian population, the following percentages were supportive in the years shown: 61 percent in 2003; 63 percent in 2005; 66 percent in 2007; 58 percent in 2008; 70 percent in 2012; and 78 percent in 2013.[72][73]
In May 2015, PlanetRomeo, an LGBT social network, published its first Gay Happiness Index (GHI). Gay men from over 120 countries were asked about how they feel about society's view on homosexuality, how do they experience the way they are treated by other people and how satisfied are they with their lives. Norway was ranked second, just above Denmark and below Iceland, with a GHI score of 77.[74]
The Norwegian Directorate for Children, Youth and Family Affairs (Bufdir) found that the proportion of people with hostile attitudes towards LGBT+ people has been steadily decreasing: In 2017, 7.8 percent expressed hostile attitudes towards gay people while 11 percent expressed hostile attitudes towards transgender people.[75]
2021 saw the formation of anti-transgender groups such as Kvinneaktivistene[76] and a Norwegian branch of Women's Declaration International (formerly WHRC).[77] Previously, the Women's Group Ottar has faced criticism for promoting anti-transgender sentiment.[78]
Due to rising levels of transphobia in Norway, promoted in the name of radical feminism, 2476 feminists called for an inclusive feminism in a 2020 open letter.[79] In 2023, 2611 feminists, including Norway's minister of equality, called for a reckoning with transphobia, stating that "for a long time, trans women who speak out publicly have been subjected to harassment and abuse, often by those who misuse lesbian identity and feminism to justify their transphobia."[80] Alberte Bekkhus, the leader of the Red Youth, criticized the radical feminist organizations for transphobia, and said "if the women's movement allows transphobes in disguise as feminists, at the expense of trans women, it is working against its own cause."[81] The leader of the Workers' Youth League, Astrid Hoem, emphasized that the left must take responsibility and confront transphobia within their ranks.[82] The Norwegian Humanist Association has highlighted the "alarming unifying force of the increasing hatred and radicalization directed at transgender people" and promoted by self-identified radical feminists.[83]
The Extremism Commission's report cited sources that pointed to "the connections between radical feminism and Christian conservatism" in relation to anti-trans activism, noting that "these are groups and individuals who use violent and dehumanizing language and are also threatening and extremely active."[84] Feminist scholars have described these anti-gender movements operating in the name of radical feminism in the Norwegian context as part of a "complex threat to democracy."[85] In 2023 the University of Bergen's Centre for Women's and Gender Research hosted its annual debate on international women's day, that focused on the anti-gender movements, where panelists highlighted how anti-gender actors had managed to become anchored in the radical feminist milieu in Oslo, including the radical feminist 8 March Committee.[86]
In his speech on the anniversary of the 2011 Norway attacks, Prime Minister Jonas Gahr Støre said that "we know that queer people are the targets of hate, threats and violence. The incitement of hate is especially virulent against trans people. We will not accept this in Norway. We will use the memory of 22 July, in respect for those we lost, to turn our backs on this hate."[87]
In the 2020s some tabloid newspapers have been criticized for regularly publishing transphobic content; for example journalism expert Jon Martin Larsen has criticized the newspaper Klassekampen for contributing to "incitement and hatred against transgender people."[88][89]The Mountain Boy Range is a mountain range in Eureka County, Nevada.[1]

This Eureka County, Nevada state location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Montazzoli is a comune and town in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region of Italy

This Abruzzo location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Iacob Felecan (1 January 1914 – 1964) was a Romanian footballer  who played as a defender for Romania in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.[3] He also played for Victoria Cluj.[2]

This biographical article related to a Romanian association football defender is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.

Iduda is an administrative ward in the Mbeya Urban district of the Mbeya Region of Tanzania in Africa. In 2016 the Tanzania National Bureau of Statistics report there were 4,582 people in the ward, from 4,157 in 2012.[1]: 95 [2]: 119
The ward has 4 neighborhoods.[3]

This Mbeya Region location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2017 Quebec Scotties Tournament of Hearts, the provincial women's curling championship of Quebec, was held from January 9 to 15 at the Aréna de Lévis in Lévis, Quebec. The winning Ève Bélisle team represented Quebec at the 2017 Scotties Tournament of Hearts. The event was held in conjunction with the 2017 Quebec Men's Provincial Curling Championship.
The defending champion Marie-France Larouche rink were playing on home-ice in Lévis, but would lose in the final to Montreal's Ève Bélisle. It was Bélisle's first trip to the provincial championships since 2010.[1]  Bélisle would defeat Larouche 7-4 in the final, having scored three in the second end and two in the fifth along the way.[2]
The teams are listed as follows:[3]
Saturday, January 14, 2:30 pm
Sunday, January 15, 12:00 pmProfessor Mian Bakhsh Laghari (Urdu: پروفیسر میاں بخش لغاری) was a Pakistani (Siraiki) and Baloch scholar who translated many books from sindhi to English and English to sindhi.[citation needed]
Mian Bakhsh Laghari was born on 1944, in a well known and well educated village of Jaffer Khan Laghari in district Sangher, Sindh Pakistan in Asia.[citation needed]. His family ancestry might go back to Dera Ghazi Khan and Multan from where the forefathers migrated and settled in Sangher.
He died in a road accident near Jamshoro, Sindh Pakistan on December 25, 1999, at the age of 55.[citation needed]
The Tragedy at Freyne is a 1927 mystery detective novel by Anthony Gilbert, the pen name of British writer Lucy Beatrice Malleson,[1] her first novel under the pseudonym. It introduced the amateur detective Scott Egerton, who was her principal character until the creation of Arthur Crook in Murder by Experts.[2]
Sir Simon Chandos is found dead in his library with a confession written in front of him and a bottle of morphia tablets by his side, it appears to be an obvious case of suicide. However one of the guests at the country house notices a slight discrepancy and launches his own amateur investigation into the death.

This article about a mystery novel of the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
Patrick Simson or Sympson (1628–1715) was a Church of Scotland minister who served as Moderator of the General Assembly in 1695. He was Dean of the Faculty of Divinity at Glasgow University. At the time of his death in 1715 he was the acknowledged Father of the Church.
Robert Wodrow described him as "the last of the antediluvian Presbyterian ministers in this church".[1]
He was born on 2 October 1628 the son of Rev. Adam Simson of New Abbey and his wife Margaret Spens. His paternal grandfather (after whom he was named) was the eminent churchman Patrick Simson. He was sent to Edinburgh for education under his maternal uncle Rev. George Gillespie who was then minister of Saint Giles Cathedral. Around 1644 he became private tutor to the family of Archibald Campbell, 1st Marquess of Argyll, a role he had for three years.
Despite a lack of any formal university degree, in November 1653 he was ordained as minister of Renfrew Parish Church south of Glasgow. In the upheavals of the 1660s he was deprived of office by an Act of Parliament in October 1662. In the "Indulgence" of Kilmacolm of 1672 he was reallowed to preach but the position at Renfrew was not then empty and he had to wait. In November 1678 he was reprimanded by the Privy Council for preaching outwith his parish without permission (the location of this is unclear). He was denounced as a "rebel" but allowed back fully as minister of Renfrew at the "toleration" in August 1687 and formally reaccepted by the Act of Parliament in April 1690.[2]
In December 1690 he was created Dean of the Faculty of Divinity at Glasgow University and continued this role until 1696.[2]
In 1695 he succeeded Rev. John Law as Moderator of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland the highest position in the Scottish church.[3]
He died in Renfrew on 24 October 1715.[2]
In August 1654 he married Elizabeth Hay (d. 1662) daughter of his predecessor Rev. John Hay: Their children included:
Elizabeth died in childbirth giving birth to Agnes and Elizabeth. He next married Janet Peadie (d. 1714) daughter of James Peadie and widow of Robert Cullen, both Glasgow merchants. Their further children included:
Internet Archive  Scottish Church History Society, chapter on The levitical family of Simson; IV Final Records, pages 118-125
Sara-Nicole Morales (April 7, 1986 – November 20, 2021)[1] was shot and killed in the front yard[2]  of her mother's house in Orange City, Florida, United States. While returning home from her job at a Volusia County library, she had become embroiled in a road rage incident with a local motorcyclist, during which she had intentionally struck his vehicle with hers, an act witnessed by two nearby motorists. The three notified police and followed her to the house, where she confronted them with her fiancé's pistol. The motorcyclist drew his own gun and shot her five times.[3]
Morales, who was reported by her mother to be five months pregnant, was pronounced dead following arrival at a nearby hospital. The shooter, who had a  concealed carry permit, was taken into police custody and released pending the investigation. Authorities were unable to confirm her pregnancy during the autopsy.[4] Four months later the local prosecutor's office announced it had found the shooting justified as self-defense and would not be filing charges.
Morales had worked as a server in area restaurants until she got a job as a library assistant with the county in 2019, which she described as one of her dream jobs. At the time of her death she was engaged and reported by her mother to be pregnant; she had an 11-year-old daughter from a previous relationship.[3]
Around 5:10 p.m. on November 20, 2021, Morales was driving her blue Kia back from the DeLand Regional Library south on Volusia Avenue (U.S. routes 17 and 92) to her Orange City home.[3] At one intersection another Orange City resident, a 40-year-old man who had gone out for a ride on his motorcycle, came up behind her when she stopped at a red light. Afterwards, he told police later, she attempted to cut him off.[3]
The motorcyclist said he drove past her driver's side window and waved his hand to express his astonishment, then decided to hasten back to his home. As he sped away, Morales in turn overtook him, then swerved abruptly into his lane, striking his vehicle in the process. The collision caused visible damage to the saddlebags on the back of his motorcycle and nearly caused him to crash, but he was able to keep his cycle upright and was not injured. One witness claimed that as Morales drove away he saw the motorcyclist kick her car, though that was never confirmed by police.[3]
Two other motorists, one also on a motorcycle,[3] witnessed the collision. They likewise believed it had been intentional. They joined the first motorcyclist in confronting Morales the next time traffic stopped, at the light at Wisconsin Avenue in Orange City,[5] and asking that she stop to exchange information and await the police, whom one had already notified. Instead, she turned towards her residence on East Wisconsin.[3]
Orange City police were dispatched to the scene in response to the hit-and-run reported to them. Morales's mother, Doreen Flaherty, says her daughter had called from her car to complain that she was being followed by three men and to have her gun ready when Morales got home. Upon reaching Flaherty's house, Morales left the car, swearing loudly, and entered, where she called 9-1-1 to report the men following her, who arrived soon afterwards and remained in the street, at the foot of Flaherty's driveway, to await the police. Flaherty also took out her own gun, which she says was unloaded, and stepped outside the front door.[3]
Before police arrived, Morales got her fiancé's handgun—which her mother says did not have a bullet chambered as Morales was not strong enough to pull back the slide—and went out to confront the men outside. She waved her hands and shouted "You're three men. You followed me. Leave me alone!" as she waved the gun around and pointed it at the man whose motorcycle she had hit.[6] One of the accident witnesses recalled that he raised his hands and began shouting at everyone to calm down.[3] Fearing Morales was about to shoot at him, the first motorcyclist drew the .45-caliber pistol he had a permit to carry concealed and fired eight[6] times from 15 feet (5 m) away.[3]
Five of those rounds struck Morales;[7] dispatchers heard the shots in the background of their conversation with one of the witnesses to the original accident who was still on the phone. He described the shooting at the time as self-defense.[3] Responding officers were informed that the incident was more serious as it involved a person with a gunshot wound. They arrived shortly afterwards and took the man, who begged them not to shoot him as he believed Morales was going to kill him with her gun,[8] into custody.[3]
Morales was still breathing,[9] and was taken to Halifax Hospital where she was pronounced dead shortly after arrival due to the heavy blood loss.[7] The man who shot her was described by police as cooperating with their investigation and they had not charged him pending a decision by the state's attorney's office, so he was released.[7] Police found five of the ejected shell casings from his gun near where he had stood, and marks on Morales's Kia that appeared to correspond to the damage to the saddlebags on the man's motorcycle.[6]
In the days after the shooting, the Orange City police released audio of the 9-1-1 calls made from the scene[5] and bodycam footage of the immediate aftermath.[8] The 9-1-1 calls recorded the gunshots fired immediately after Morales had confronted the men.[5]
Flaherty said that if her daughter had deliberately struck the motorcycle with her car, it would have only happened because she felt threatened.[3] Similarly, her fiancé believed she would have only confronted the men for the same reason. "She is not the kind to give trouble or just go about pulling a gun on people ... She must have been really scared having her mother and her 11-year-old daughter at home."[6] Later Flaherty said that she believed her daughter took out the gun meaning only to get the men to "back off" and would not have fired it even if it had been loaded.[10]
While Flaherty allowed that "a gun means business ... I understand that",[3] and told Inside Edition that her daughter should not have gone outside to begin with,[10] she faulted the men for needlessly escalating the situation. "How bad was this accident that they needed to chase her down like they did?" she asked. "They had already given her license plate to 9-1-1, yet continued to chase her ... They came flying down this road. Who does that? Who does that?" The man who killed Morales refused to comment when contacted by a local newspaper;[3] he had earlier told WOFL he felt he "had no choice" but to shoot at the time.[7]
The county closed the two libraries where Morales had worked, in Pierson as well as DeLand, to give employees who had known her time to grieve, as well as counselors if they wanted. "We are all shaken up by the incident", said deputy county manager Suzanne Konchan. "As we grieve the loss of one of our own, we stand together in wholeheartedly supporting one another during this difficult time."[3] A family friend established a GoFundMe page to support Morales's daughter; other library employees donated to it and bought Christmas gifts for the girl.[6]
Neither Morales nor the man who shot her had any prior criminal arrest history. A check of their records found only traffic offenses. He had received a speeding ticket in 2019, and she had received three tickets in 2006: two moving violations and another for failing to display her registration.[3]
The incident received national and international coverage.[11][12][13] "As tragedies go", wrote The Economist, "it was an all-American story". The magazine used the story to discuss research from Everytown for Gun Safety showing that shootings related to road-rage incidents had doubled since 2016, particularly in states like Florida which have permissive concealed-carry laws; whereas such shootings remained rare in states with more restrictive laws.[14]
Shortly after the shooting, a police spokesman said he did not expect that charges would be brought against the shooter.[9] In early March 2022, the state's attorney's office for the 7th Circuit made that official. "[We have] completed a comprehensive review of this case. The Orange City Police Department concluded after a thorough investigation that the suspect would not be charged with a crime," they said in a news release. "While the facts in this case are truly heartbreaking, the law does not authorize filing of any criminal charges. Our sincerest thoughts and prayers go out to the Morales family."[2]
Other cases in Florida where armed civilians asserted self-defense after fatal shootings:XERVON GmbH is a multinational company specialized in providing technical services for building and maintaining industrial facilities and a wide range of construction projects. Their headquarters are in Cologne, Germany.[3]
XERVON is spread across Germany and has international branches and sister companies in Norway, Sweden, Austria, the Benelux, Poland, Slovakia, Czech Republic, Egypt, UAE, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia. It previously operated in the UK under the name of Xervon Palmers; however, the UK branch was sold to the Chester-based businessman Colin Butt.[4][5]
Originally part of ThyssenKrupp-AG, since 2011, XERVON belongs to the REMONDIS SE & Co. KG, which, in turn, is a part of the multinational RETHMANN AG & Co. KG group of companies.[6][7]
XERVON's roots go back to 1928,[8] the founding year of the Ernst Peiniger GmbH in Essen, Germany which was later known as PeinigerRöRo Group.[9]
ThyssenKrupp Xervon GmbH, headquartered in Gelsenkirchen, Germany, was formed on October 1, 2005, through the merger of the internationally operating PeinigerRöRo Group and ThyssenKrupp Plant Services.
ThyssenKrupp Xervon GmbH since January 1, 2006, acquired the German service companies of the Standardkessel Group from the Dutch finance holding company H.T.P Investments B.V. located at Venlo.[10] ThyssenKrupp Xervon acquired LLS Standardkessel Service GmbH (LLS), Duisburg, Baumgarte Boiler Service GmbH (BSG), Bielefeld, (each 100 percent), and Siegfried Schlüssler Feuerungsbau GmbH (SSL), Bispingen (74 percent). Employing a staff of 340, the companies generated annual sales of around 90 million euros as of (2006).[11]
REMONDIS acquired XERVON Group from ThyssenKrupp on Wednesday, November 30, 2011. XERVON is now a part of the REMONDIS Group, effective  April 1, 2011. The independence of the XERVON brand was unaffected by the purchase.
The company runs under the name XERVON GmbH within the REMONDIS Group.[1][12]
XERVON Energy GmbH was sold on August 1, 2012 to the  Hitachi Power Europe GmbH '(HPE).[13]
The Cologne-Based XERVON Group is one of the world’s leading companies providing technical services in the area of construction and maintenance of industrial plants. As of 2011 XERVON ranked number 3 in Germany in the field of industrial repair and maintenance, with over 8,000 employees and a revenue of €750 million. [14]USS Nettle was a steamer acquired by the Union Navy from the Union Army during the American Civil War.
She served the Navy primarily as a tugboat on the Mississippi River.
Wonder, a side-wheel steamer, purchased by the Union Army early in the Civil War for service in the Western Flotilla, was transferred to the Navy 30 September 1862 and renamed Nettle 19 October 1862. Nettle, commanded by Acting Ens. Perry C. Wright, served as a tug on the Mississippi River above Vicksburg, Mississippi, until after the Confederate river fortress fell 4 July 1863. Then, based at Vicksburg, she continued supporting operations of the Mississippi Squadron maintaining Union lines of supply and communication along the inland waters of the Mississippi and its tributaries. She was sunk in a collision with an ironclad 20 October 1865.
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.
General Mariano Escobedo International Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Internacional General Mariano Escobedo) (IATA: MTY, ICAO: MMMY), simply known as Monterrey International Airport (Aeropuerto Internacional de Monterrey), is an international airport located in Apodaca, Nuevo León, Mexico serving Greater Monterrey. It operates flights to Mexico, the United States, Canada, Latin America, Asia and Europe. The airport serves as the main hub for Viva, Magnicharters, and the regional carrier Aerus.[2] It is also a focus city for Volaris, Aeromexico Connect, and the regional airline TAR Aerolíneas. The airport also serves cargo  and charter flights, hosts facilities for Mexican Airspace Navigation Services, and facilitates various tourism-related activities, flight training, and general aviation. Monterrey Airport is operated by Grupo Aeroportuario Centro Norte OMA and it is named after General Mariano Escobedo, a prominent military figure born in Nuevo León.
Monterrey International Airport ranks fourth in Mexico by passengers, cargo and aircraft movements in 2024,[3] also holding the 13th position in Latin America and the 45th position in North America in terms of passengers. Notably, the airport has experienced rapid traffic growth, passing from 10,943,186 passengers in 2022 to 13,581,599 passengers in 2024, showing one of the fastest growth rates in recent years.[1]
Inaugurated on November 25, 1970, the airport marked its beginning with the landing of a Mexicana de Aviación Boeing 727. Its establishment was prompted by the limitations and safety concerns of the Del Norte International Airport, which hindered further expansion. The initial terminal, now known as Terminal A, efficiently served 346,000 passengers in its inaugural year.
Responding to the increasing economic activity in Nuevo León, Monterrey Airport underwent a substantial expansion of its terminal building from 1976 to 1982. As part of this development, the Satellite Building was constructed, interconnected with the main terminal via an underground corridor. Over the years, these enhancements have contributed to the airport's role as a key transportation hub in Northern Mexico.
In the mid-2000s, Aeroméxico introduced significant international flights. From 2005 to 2009, Monterrey gained its first nonstop link to Europe with a flight to Madrid operated using a Boeing 767.[4] Additional European connections included a flight to Rome from 2008 to 2009.[5][6][7] Subsequently, in 2014, Monterrey witnessed its inaugural flight to Asia as Aeromexico transferred its Mexico City-Tokyo route stopover to Monterrey, replacing Tijuana Airport. A direct flight to Seoul Incheon Airport was also introduced. However, the only remaining overseas destination is the route to Madrid operated by Aeromexico.[8][9]
In July 2022, Vinci Airports acquired a 30% stake in Grupo Aeroportuario Centro Norte OMA, the entity responsible for overseeing 13 airports across Mexico. This strategic move showcased the airport's ongoing evolution within the broader landscape of aviation management.
Simultaneously, addressing the escalating demand for air travel, the Monterrey airport initiated a comprehensive renovation and expansion project for Terminal A in November 2019. This multifaceted project, executed in two phases, involves the enlargement of the departures concourse and check-in area, and the construction of Pier 1 with additional boarding gates. The subsequent phase encompasses the establishment of a new security checkpoint, Pier 2 with supplementary boarding gates, and the expansion of public areas, slated for completion by 2025.
The airport is situated at an elevation of 390 metres (1,280 ft) above mean sea level and features two runways. The primary runway, designated 11/29, boasts a 3,000 by 45 metres (9,843 by 148 ft) asphalt surface, equipped with an ILS approach system, VHF omnidirectional radio range (VOR), and DME station. Another runway, 16/34, measuring 1,800 by 30 metres (5,906 by 98 ft) with an asphalt surface, is seldom used. Although the main runway, 11/29, can accommodate larger aircraft like the Boeing 747-400, the airport primarily serves narrow-body aircraft. There are three terminals:
Terminal A encompasses check-in facilities, baggage claim, shopping areas, restaurants, customs, airport and airline offices, and various services. The connected satellite building, accessed via an underground corridor, houses VIP lounges, customs and immigration services, and 14 boarding gates. The Satellite building is divided into North and South Concourses, catering to domestic and international flights, respectively.
Operational challenges, including delayed flights, stem from a reduced number of gates, jetbridges and hardstands capable of handling large aircraft. Terminals C and B serve as relief systems for Terminal A, and there are plans to remodel and expand the Satellite building, adding new jetbridges and remote hardstands.
Passengers in Terminal A can access lounges like American Express Centurion, Salón Beyond (Citibanamex), and the OMA Premium Lounge on the Ground Floor. Airlines serving Terminal A include Volaris, Magnicharters, Air Canada, American Airlines, American Eagle, Copa Airlines, and United Airlines.
Opened in September 2010, Terminal B is a two-story facility comprising eight gates, six of which are equipped with jetways, and two apron gates available for use by smaller aircraft. It can handle up to 2 million passengers annually. The terminal provides standard international airport services such as check-in areas, a security checkpoint, departures concourse, arrivals facilities with baggage claim areas, taxi stands, and car rental services. Terminal B also features multiple VIP lounges, including the Salón Premier of Aeroméxico on the Ground Floor, The American Express Centurión lounge on the landside, and the OMA Premium Lounge.
This terminal serves as a hub for SkyTeam, including the services of Aeromexico, Aeromexico Connect and Delta Air Lines. Other airlines serving Terminal B are regional airlines TAR Aerolíneas and Aerus.
Opened on November 30, 2006, Terminal C serves as the primary hub for Viva. The terminal, housed in a single-story building, features essential facilities. The departures area includes a check-in area, a security checkpoint, and a departures concourse with amenities such as a Duty-Free Store, an OMA Premium Lounge, and a food court. Services for arriving passengers include customs and immigration facilities, along with car rental services and taxi stands serving both Arrival and Departure Areas. Terminal C is currently grappling with overcrowding issues, largely due to Viva Aerobus operating its largest hub from this terminal.
Free shuttle service is provided between Terminals A, B, and C at the Monterrey Airport from 5:00 to midnight, with an approximate waiting time of 10 minutes. Boarding areas are located at the main entrance of each terminal building.
The recently built air cargo terminal occupies 6 hectares (15 acres) for its operations. This terminal serves courier companies, both nationally and internationally, with notable names such as FedEx, DHL, UPS, and Estafeta.
The Airport Boulevard boasts a range of amenities, including hotels, restaurants, and diverse establishments. Notably, Viva Aerobus has its corporate headquarters in the Cargo Zone of Terminal C.[10] Additionally, Grupo Aeroportuario Centro Norte, the company managing the airport, also has its headquarters in the air cargo zone.[11] The airport offers various facilities, including a general aviation terminal with a general aviation platform, a VIP lounge, a pilots' lounge, and a passenger lounge.
The airport hosts the Monterrey Area Control Center (ACC), one of four such centers in Mexico, alongside the Mexico City ACC, Mérida ACC, and Mazatlán ACC. Operated by the Mexican Airspace Navigation Services (Spanish: Servicios a la Navegación en el Espacio Aéreo Mexicano), the Monterrey ACC provides air traffic control services for aircraft within the Monterrey Flight Data Region (FDRG), covering the northeastern region of Mexico. This region shares its boundaries with six other Area Control Centers. It borders the Mazatlán ACC to the west, the Houston ARTCC (KZHU) to the north, the Mexico ACC to the south, and the Mérida ACC to the east.
^1 Viva flight to La Paz makes a stopover in Culiacán.
Monterrey Airport is located 28 kilometres (17 mi) northeast of Downtown Monterrey. The airport is accessible solely by road. Local bus, shuttle, and taxi services, as well as long-distance bus services to various cities in Nuevo León, Coahuila, Tamaulipas, San Luis Potosí, and Texas, are available. The travel time by car is typically 30 minutes, but it can extend to 60 minutes during rush hours. The airport provides extensive short- and long-term parking facilities, and each terminal has multiple taxi and car rental service stands.
The Ruta Express, a public bus line, operates from the airport to Y-Griega Station on Line 1 of the Monterrey Metro.[33] Gupo Senda, a bus company, offers services to the Y-Griega metro station and San Jerónimo Bus Station, while Noreste provides hourly services from Monterrey Airport to the Central Bus Station. Two bus stops are located at the airport: one between Terminal A and Terminal B and another in front of Terminal C. Tickets can be purchased at information desks in the terminals (130 MXN) or online through the website (110 MXN). The travel time by bus to Monterrey Central Bus Station, situated 3 kilometers northwest of Macroplaza, is approximately 60 minutes. From there, passengers can transfer to the Metro and long-distance bus services.
VivaBus offers shuttle transportation exclusively for Viva Aerobus passengers travelling to the Central Bus Station and Terminal Fierro (near Y-Griega Station). Transporte Aeroméxico provides hourly shuttle services from Terminal B to Y-Griega metro station, Garza Sada Bus Station, and Son Mar Hotel (located two blocks away from the Central Bus Station). Additionally, Aero Contaxi offers shuttle services from Terminal C to the Y-Griega metro station, Garza Sada Bus Station, and the Central Bus Station.
Various bus companies offer services to nearby cities, including Saltillo. Noreste operates coach buses with direct services to cities in Tamaulipas and Texas, while Senda provides coach buses with direct service to Saltillo, Monclova, Piedras Negras, and Ramos Arizpe in Coahuila, Reynosa and Nuevo Laredo in Tamaulipas, and Matehuala in San Luis Potosí.
Golden offers taxi and van services throughout the metropolitan area, Suburban allows online reservations for taxis to and from Monterrey City. Airport-exclusive companies such as Taxi Aeropuerto provide services throughout the city. Taxis Aeropuerto Monterrey offers services to and from Monterrey Airport. Taxis Totsa provides taxi services throughout the metropolitan area and nearby municipalities, including Saltillo. TPA offers taxi and van services within the metropolitan area.The Grand Prix de la Libération was an annual road cycling race in the Netherlands that took place in the form of a team time trial from 1988 until 1991.[1] It was on the calendar of the UCI Road World Cup for all four editions.

This cycling race-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about sports in the Netherlands is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ilybius discedens is a species of predaceous diving beetle in the family Dytiscidae. It is found in North America and the Palearctic.[1][2][3][4]

This Dytiscidae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1902 Penn State football team was an American football team that represented Pennsylvania State College—now known as Pennsylvania State University–as an independent during the 1902 college football season. The team was coached by Pop Golden and played its home games in Beaver Field in State College, Pennsylvania.

This college football 1890s season article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a sports team in Pennsylvania is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.A Cauchy problem in mathematics asks for the solution of a partial differential equation that satisfies certain conditions that are given on a hypersurface in the domain.[1] A Cauchy problem can be an initial value problem or a boundary value problem (for this case see also Cauchy boundary condition). It is named after Augustin-Louis Cauchy.
For a partial differential equation defined on Rn+1 and a smooth manifold S ⊂ Rn+1 of dimension n (S is called the Cauchy surface), the Cauchy problem consists of finding the unknown functions




u

1


,
…
,

u

N




{\displaystyle u_{1},\dots ,u_{N}}

 of the differential equation with respect to the independent variables



t
,

x

1


,
…
,

x

n




{\displaystyle t,x_{1},\dots ,x_{n}}

 that satisfies[2]













∂


n

i





u

i




∂

t


n

i







=

F

i



(

t
,

x

1


,
…
,

x

n


,

u

1


,
…
,

u

N


,
…
,




∂

k



u

j




∂

t


k

0




∂

x

1



k

1




…
∂

x

n



k

n







,
…

)







for 

i
,
j
=
1
,
2
,
…
,
N
;


k

0


+

k

1


+
⋯
+

k

n


=
k
≤

n

j


;


k

0


<

n

j








{\displaystyle {\begin{aligned}&{\frac {\partial ^{n_{i}}u_{i}}{\partial t^{n_{i}}}}=F_{i}\left(t,x_{1},\dots ,x_{n},u_{1},\dots ,u_{N},\dots ,{\frac {\partial ^{k}u_{j}}{\partial t^{k_{0}}\partial x_{1}^{k_{1}}\dots \partial x_{n}^{k_{n}}}},\dots \right)\\&{\text{for }}i,j=1,2,\dots ,N;\,k_{0}+k_{1}+\dots +k_{n}=k\leq n_{j};\,k_{0}<n_{j}\end{aligned}}}


subject to the condition, for some value



t
=

t

0




{\displaystyle t=t_{0}}

,
∂

k



u

i




∂

t

k





=

ϕ

i


(
k
)


(

x

1


,
…
,

x

n


)


for 

k
=
0
,
1
,
2
,
…
,

n

i


−
1


{\displaystyle {\frac {\partial ^{k}u_{i}}{\partial t^{k}}}=\phi _{i}^{(k)}(x_{1},\dots ,x_{n})\quad {\text{for }}k=0,1,2,\dots ,n_{i}-1}
where




ϕ

i


(
k
)


(

x

1


,
…
,

x

n


)


{\displaystyle \phi _{i}^{(k)}(x_{1},\dots ,x_{n})}

 are given functions defined on the surface



S


{\displaystyle S}

 (collectively known as the Cauchy data of the problem). The derivative of order zero means that the function itself is specified.
The Cauchy–Kowalevski theorem states that If all the functions




F

i




{\displaystyle F_{i}}

 are analytic in some neighborhood of the point



(

t

0


,

x

1


0


,

x

2


0


,
…
,

ϕ

j
,

k

0


,

k

1


,
…
,

k

n




0


,
…
)


{\displaystyle (t^{0},x_{1}^{0},x_{2}^{0},\dots ,\phi _{j,k_{0},k_{1},\dots ,k_{n}}^{0},\dots )}

, and if all the functions




ϕ

j


(
k
)




{\displaystyle \phi _{j}^{(k)}}

 are analytic in some neighborhood of the point



(

x

1


0


,

x

2


0


,
…
,

x

n


0


)


{\displaystyle (x_{1}^{0},x_{2}^{0},\dots ,x_{n}^{0})}

, then the Cauchy problem has a unique analytic solution in some neighborhood of the point



(

t

0


,

x

1


0


,

x

2


0


,
…
,

x

n


0


)


{\displaystyle (t^{0},x_{1}^{0},x_{2}^{0},\dots ,x_{n}^{0})}

.
3. Hille,Einar (1956)[1954]. Some Aspect of Cauchy's Problem Proceedings of '5 4 ICM vol III section II (analysis half-hour invited address) p.1 0 9 ~ 1 6.
4. Sigeru Mizohata(溝畑 茂 1965). Lectures on Cauchy Problem. Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
5. Sigeru Mizohata (1985).On the Cauchy Problem. Notes and Reports in Mathematics in Science and Engineering. 3. Academic Press, Inc.. ISBN 9781483269061
6. Arendt, Wolfgang; Batty, Charles; Hieber, Matthias; Neubrander, Frank (2001), Vector-valued Laplace Transforms and Cauchy Problems, Birkhauser.Bad Compilation Tapes / Borderless Countries Tapes is an independent punk/hardcore music label founded in 1982 by Chris Chacon and Dave W. in San Diego, California.[1] The label, with a declared DIY ethic, published from 1981 to 1986 twenty-seven compilations on cassette involving 149 groups from 17 countries. It still sold tapes until around the year 2000, but it made the last 2 tapes of the 27 in 1986. It is considered one of the labels that contributed most to the spread of the European hardcore punk scene in North America.[2][3] They are currently being remastered and reissued on Bandcamp.
In 1982 BCT published an announcement on the 8th issue of Maximumrocknroll asking punk groups to send their compositions to them.[4] The announcement was then reprinted in several European magazines and the Italian fanzines TVOR and Attack Punkzine, which contributed a lot to the internationalization of the label. BCT placed a small personal ad in Rockerilla, the most important alternative music magazine in Italy at the time. Syd Migx, the frontman of CCM (Cheetah Chrome Motherfuckers),[5] responded to it asking the Italian Roberto Schiavo, founder of the F.O.G. (Flowers of Grain Records), to send tapes of Italian punk bands to BCT which he did. From those tapes the label made its first Italian compilation tapes.
The first tape of the label, titled First Strike, included bands from the US such as Clitboys, Future Ruins, Violation, Vatican Commandos (with a very young Moby on guitar),[6] Mr. Epp & The Calculations (the band of Mark Arm and Steve Turner, which later became Green River and then Mudhoney[7]), Skoundrelz (the band of famous skater Tony Alva) and Eat The Rich, while the second tape Music On Fire featured bands from the Italian punk scene such as 5° Braccio, Raw Power, Indigesti,[8] Wretched, Stazione Suicida, Crash Box and Rappresaglia.[9][10]
The 22nd tape is dedicated to the rising Spanish punk/hardcore scene[11]
The BCT logo was a character called Moe Hawk drawn in black and white by Dan, the singer of Eat the Rich from San Jose. Craig Caron, the founder of Schizophrenic Records,[12] colored the image and used it to release the vinyl version of the BCT # 18 tape: Thrash, Therefore I Am.
The two tapes were followed by other releases featuring many bands from around the world: the Finns Rattus and Terveet Kädet, the Danish Razor Blades and Disrespect, the Swedes Mob 47, Product Assar, Moderat Likvidation and Anti Cimex, the Germans Äni(X)Väx and Kanalkotzer, the Australians Vicious Circle and the Canadians The Bill Of Rights were just some of the many acts included on the international productions of the BCT label.
Between 1986 and 1987 the publication also extended to other formats under the name of BC Tapes & Records, whose first release was a compilation on LP entitled We Can Do Whatever We Want (International Comp.) which saw a mix of European and American bands and was a best of the first 11 tapes.
In 2002 the label re-issued five cds and one lp of 7 of BCT tapes. BCT worked with a consortium of labels for those re-issues: Enterruption of San Francisco, Human Stench of Pittsfield, MA and Schizophrenic Records of Hamilton, Canada who did 2 releases each in conjunction with BCT. Among these reprints there was Senza Tregua: Granducato Hardcore (2002), an album that for the new edition commissioned the cover of the album to Winston Smith, the historical author of the Dead Kennedys logo and album covers.
Starting in 2020, with the co-operation of Chris Chacon, the BCT tapes have been subject to a  remastering process and are being officially re-issued on Bandcamp, under the name Borderless Countries Tapes. Because the original master tapes have been lost, digitally re-constructing the tapes from a variety of sources has been necessary.
In 1984 Chris Chacon reconfirmed his interest in the Italian scene by first releasing cassette releases by Raw Power titled Studio + Live, as well as the two Last White Christmas tapes, which were recordings of the LWC event held on December 4, 1983 in Pisa, Italy by the punk cooperative G.D.H.C. (Granducato Hardcore [it]).[13]  BCT noted in advertisements for the Last White Christmas tapes that the G.D.H.C. organized the event for "Johnny in Jail", and that the cassettes were made available in cooperation with Cessophena Records.[14]  In the same year, some Italian fanzines began to call the label Borderless Countries Tapes, a name that was officially adopted and added to the original name. The name came from the suggestion of an Italian punk fan via mail.
Following the Raw Power release, Chris Chacon organized a tour of the band,[15] which was also the first tour of an Italian hardcore punk band in the United States. During the tour, that included 32 shows in 40 days, Raw Power played at the Olympic Auditorium in Los Angeles with the Dead Kennedys in front of more than 5,000 people.[16][17] It was in those days that the independent label Toxic Shock Records of Pomona, California came forward for the release of the second Raw Power album Screams From The Gutter,[9] which was recorded in Indianapolis near the end of the tour, at Paul Mahern's (of Zero Boys) studio in just a day and a half. The album was released in 1985 and sold more than 40,000 copies via independent channels. In the same period BCT published Live in the USA, a cassette with all the best songs recorded on tour (selected from 15 tapes of 20 concerts).
In the autobiographical novel by Silvio Bernelli entitled I ragazzi del Mucchio, the bassist of Declino, Negazione and Indigesti describes the US tour of the latter, organized and promoted by BCT in 1986
.[18] The label, for the occasion, also produced the EP on 7" vinyl The Sand Through the Green.[19] The tour, which lasted 40 days with 20 concerts, departed from Philadelphia and ended up in San Francisco, touching also St. George in Utah with the very young NOFX, who had just released their second album.[20]
In December 2018 the 35th anniversary of Last White Christmas was celebrated with the LWC35 concert in the historic Lumiere cinema of Pisa, the first cinema to be opened in Italy (1899). In the cinema hall there was an exhibition of 35 posters made by Italian and international graphic designers and illustrators for the 35th anniversary of the concert. Among the artists who participated with their own work created for the 35th anniversary of the concert there were: Winston Smith, Craig Henning, John Yarbrough (designer of the cover of the first concert release on cassettes), Tuono Pettinato, Vittore Baroni, Giuseppe Palumbo and Prof.Bad Trip. The official poster of the LWC35 festival was designed by Danijel Žeželj.
In June 2020 an Italian record company reprinted the Last White Christmas concert thanks to the granting of free reprint rights by Chris Chacon of BCT.[21][22]Hitteen Sporting Club (Arabic: نادي حطين الفلسطيني) is a Palestinian football club based in Nablus, Palestine. The club was founded in 1959. that participates in the West Bank Second League, They use the stadium of Nablus.
Hitteen Sports Club, one of the oldest Palestinian clubs, based in Nablus.[1]
The club was established in 1959 AD in the city of Nablus.[citation needed] The idea of establishing the Hittin Scouts Club arose from some young men from the city of Nablus, and the Jordanian Scouts and Girl Guides Association proposed a license on October 18, 1959, according to which the Scouting Law is permitted and its division guarantees honesty, sincerity, trust, screen, and discipline. Compassionate, obedience, comfort, patience, courage, as well as public assistance, so that the boy becomes a young man who does his duty towards God.[2]
List of football clubs in Palestine

This article about a Palestinian football club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Nebria salina is a species of ground beetle native to Europe.[1][2]

This Nebriinae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Zoltán Kövecses (born 23 September 1946 in Újpest) is a Hungarian linguist and former water polo player. He is a professor emeritus at the School of English and American Studies of the Faculty of Humanities of Eötvös Loránd University.[1]
He earned a Master of Arts degree from the Eötvös Loránd University in 1972.[2] His first manuscript was published in Népsort entitled Kommunikáció a vízilabdában (in English: Communication in water polo) which focused on the communication in water polo.[3] From 1976, he was a lecturer at the ELTE School of English and American Studies. In the late 1970s, he also taught the water polo players of Ferencváros.
Between 1982 and 1983, he taught at the University of California. In 1988, he earned a Doctor of Philosophy degree from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences and a Habilitation degree in 1996. In 1998, he became a Full Professor at ELTE.
He also taught at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, Rutgers University, Heidelberg University[4] and many others.
To celebrate his 75th birthday, a volume was edited by his colleagues.[5]
In 2014, his edited (co-edited by Frank Polzenhagen, Stefanie Vogelbacher, and Sonja Kleinke) volume entitled Cognitive Explorations into Metaphor and Metonymy was published by Peter Lang.[6]
On 30 June 2018, he gave a plenary speech at the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.[7]
On 6 July 2009, he gave a lecture on Human universals. The Need for Metaphor at the Centre de Cultura Contemporània de Barcelona.[8]
On 28 August 2022, he was invited by the Magyar Katolikus Rádió (Hungarian Catholic Radio) to talk about cognitive linguistics.[9]
He started his sports career in Újpest. However, in 1964 he was signed by Újpest's arch-rival Ferencváros.[10] In 1965, he was a member of the national team. Between 1964 and 1978, he was a permanent team member of Ferencváros playing in the Országos Bajnokság I (men's water polo).[11] In 1978, he won the LEN Cup Winners' Cup with Ferencváros.[12][13] He won a bronze medal at the 1970 Summer Universiade with the national team.[14]
The following manuscripts are the most cited according to Google Scholar.[15]
The Maltese Falcon is a 1931 American pre-Code crime film based on the 1930 novel The Maltese Falcon by Dashiell Hammett and directed by Roy Del Ruth. The film stars Ricardo Cortez as private detective Sam Spade and Bebe Daniels as femme fatale Ruth Wonderly. The supporting cast features Dudley Digges, Thelma Todd, Walter Long, Una Merkel, and Dwight Frye.[3] Maude Fulton and Brown Holmes wrote the screenplay; one contemporaneous report said that Lucien Hubbard was assisting them.[1]
While the film was successful, its legacy was deeply hampered by the enforcement of the Hays Code. The film was remade by the studio twice, with its 1941 remake starring Humphrey Bogart and Mary Astor overshadowing its predecessors. The film was not seen in its entirety until after the collapse of the Code in the mid-1960s. A print has been held by the Library of Congress since the 1970s.[4]
In San Francisco, private investigator Sam Spade and his partner Miles Archer are hired by Ruth Wonderly to follow Floyd Thursby, a man that allegedly ran off with her younger sister. Later that night, police detective Tom Polhaus informs Spade that Archer has been killed while tailing Thursby. Thursby is killed later, and the police suspect Spade.
The next day, Spade calls on Wonderly in an attempt to find out her real reasons for hiring them. She gives Spade little information, but manages to keep him on the case. Later, Dr. Joel Cairo visits his office and offers him $5,000 if he can retrieve an enamel figurine of a black bird. Cairo is trying to recover it for the "rightful owner". Not knowing anything about the statuette, Spade plays along and agrees to try to recover it.
That night, at his apartment, Spade tells Wonderly about his talk with Cairo, and she becomes nervous. Then Polhaus and his superior Lt. Dundy arrive. They question Spade, but are interrupted by the screams of Wonderly, who is holding Cairo at gunpoint after he has broken in. The policemen leave with Cairo in tow. The next morning, as Wonderly sleeps in his bed, Spade lifts her latchkey and thoroughly searches her apartment, finding nothing.
Returning to his own place, Spade receives a note from Casper Gutman, inviting him to come and talk about the black bird. Over drinks and cigars, Spade learns the history and value of the statuette, which is encrusted with precious jewels. Gutman is the mastermind behind the attempt to steal it. Believing Spade has it, Gutman reveals everything he knows. Just then, Cairo arrives and tells Gutman privately that Spade does not have the falcon, as Wonderly gave it to the captain of the ship La Paloma, which arrives from Hong Kong that night. Gutman slips Spade a mickey (knockout drops) in a celebratory drink, and leaves.
Later that night, Spade arrives back in his office and finds his secretary Effie Perine asleep behind his desk. Suddenly, a man staggers in, drops the suitcase he is carrying, and dies – it is Captain Jacoby of the La Paloma, who has been shot several times. The suitcase has the black bird in it. Spade checks the bag at a baggage check and sends himself the ticket in the mail. Called in to see the district attorney because of Archer's murder, Spade is given 24 hours to wrap up the case and identify the real killers.
Wonderly lures Spade into his apartment, where Cairo and Gutman are waiting with guns. Gutman offers him an envelope with $10,000 in exchange for the falcon. Spade insists there also has to be a "fall guy" who will go to jail for the murders and suggests Gutman's gunman, Wilmer Cook. Gutman and Cairo agree to Spade's proposal. Spade calls Effie and asks her to bring the suitcase to them in the morning, while Gutman explains how Wilmer killed Thursby and Jacoby.
The bag shows up, and Wilmer escapes while the conspirators are frantically opening it and examining the bird. They soon determine that it is a fake, they have been duped by the previous owner, and Gutman and Cairo decide to make another attempt to steal it. As they leave, Gutman takes back his $10,000 from Spade at gunpoint. Spade immediately calls Detective Polhaus and tells him to pick up Gutman, Cairo and Wilmer. Confronting Wonderly, Spade accuses her of killing Archer to frame Thursby and get him out of the way. She admits it, and Spade tells her that he is going to turn her in, despite their love for each other.
When Dundy and Polhaus show up, they reveal that Wilmer killed Gutman and Cairo before being apprehended. Spade gives them Wilmer's guns, tells them that Wonderly killed Archer, and they take her away. Spade goes to visit Wonderly in prison to tell her that he has been made chief investigator for the district attorney's office. Spade instructs the prison matron to treat Wonderly well and give her whatever she wants. When the matron asks who will pay for the special treatment, Spade tells her to send the bill to the D.A.'s office: "I'll OK it."
The Maltese Falcon was not the first Hammett story to be adapted into a motion picture.  Earlier stories by Hammett, Red Harvest (filmed in 1930 as Roadhouse Nights) and City Streets (1931), preceded it.[5] Working titles for the film were All Women, A Woman of the World and Dangerous Female.
Principal photography took place from late January to early February 1931.[2]
Some scenes in the film were reported to be shot on location in San Francisco, though it may be that only stock footage was used.[2][1]
Oscar Apfel was initially cast and listed in some studio promotions as the district attorney; however, for unknown reasons, he was replaced by Wallace.[2]
The film closely follows the plot of the book. The 1941 adaptation, which began with a revised version of the 1931 script, closely follows the book as well, although most references to homosexuality, nudity, and other no longer permissible portions under the Motion Picture Production Code are missing. The dialogue for both films is often taken verbatim directly from the novel. Differences between the two films are due almost wholly to pre-Code aspects of the earlier film.
In addition to an overall lighter tone and looser pace, the 1931 film contains sexually suggestive situations. In the opening scene, an unidentified woman is shown straightening her stockings as she leaves Spade's office. Miss Wonderly (Bebe Daniels) is shown bathing, and later in the film is strip-searched by Spade over missing money. The homosexual subtext regarding Gutman, Cairo, and Wilmer in Hammett's original story was retained for the 1931 film. Wilmer is called Gutman's "boyfriend", Effie facetiously describes Cairo to Spade as "gorgeous", and Spade taunts Dundy by constantly referring to him as "sweetheart", "darling", and "precious". The bathing, strip-search, overt sexuality, homosexual subtext, and most of the loaded terminology were eliminated from the 1941 remake by the Breen Office.[1][6]
In 1935, Warner Bros. attempted to re-release the film, but were denied approval by the Production Code Office owing to the film's "lewd" content. This prompted Warner Bros. to produce a new version of the film, Satan Met a Lady, starring Bette Davis and Warren William directed by William Dieterle in 1936.[7] Many elements of the story were changed, and the film was given a comedic tone. Ultimately, the film was widely panned; Davis herself referred to the film as "junk".
In 1941, Warner Bros. remade the film in an adaption directed by John Huston in his directorial debut. The film, starring Humphrey Bogart and Mary Astor, was released to critical acclaim and is often cited as one of the best films of all time.[8]  This version was also filmed largely verbatim to Hammett's story, but removed references to nudity, homosexuality, and other topics forbidden by the Code. It also had a much more dramatic, darker tone, which many cite as film noir.
For several decades, unedited copies of the 1931 film could not be seen in the United States; these restrictions were lifted following the demise of the Motion Picture Production Code in the mid-1960s. For television airings in the United States, the film was retitled Dangerous Female to avoid confusion with the 1941 remake.[citation needed]
Mount Sir-Wilfrid (formerly "Montagne du Diable") is located in the Montagne-du-Diable Regional Park, south-east of the Baskatong Reservoir, in the Hautes-Laurentides region, in the municipality of Ferme-Neuve, in Antoine-Labelle Regional County Municipality (MRC), in Laurentides (region), in Quebec, in Canada.
The summit of this mountain (Sommet du Diable at 783 m (2,569 ft)) is located at about 15 km (9.3 mi) northwest of Mont-Laurier and near Lake Windigo. In this sector of the Laurentian Mountains, the relief form an oblong mass of about 8 by 5 km (5.0 by 3.1 mi).[1]
The summit has four peaks:[2]
According to a legend, this mountain is haunted by the Wendigo or Windigo, an evil spirit from Algonquin mythology.[1]
Popularly, this mountain is designated "Montagne du Diable", a French adaptation of the old term Windigo used in this area to designate the stream and the lake. The toponymic designation Sir-Wilfrid was assigned in 1932; this designation is similar to the toponym Mont-Laurier, which the town is nearby. This toponymic designation evokes the memory of Wilfrid Laurier (1841-1919), Prime Minister of Canada, from 1896 to 1911.[1]
The mount Sir-Wilfrid is the main mountain of the Montagne-du-Diable Regional Park. This park offers many activities and services to visitors who are fond of mountain hiking.
This mount was named in honor of Prime Minister of Canada Wilfrid Laurier.[3]
The toponym "Mont Sir-Wilfrid" was made official on December 5, 1968 at the Place names bank of the Commission de toponymie du Québec.[3]33a (Georgian: 33ა) is a Georgian folk-rock band founded in Tbilisi in 1994. The band combines Georgian and French folk influences with pop and reggae elements. They chiefly perform in Georgian and French. Currently, the band consists of four members: Niaz Diasamidze — lead vocal, guitar, keyboard, panduri; Spartak Kacharava — drums; Achiko Tsimakuridze — guitar; Ramaz Khatiashvili — bass guitar.
The name "33a" comes from the address — 33a, Paliashvili street, where the founder of the band Niaz Diasamidze lives.The Łubieński family (plural: Łubieńscy; feminine singular: Łubieńska) are Polish nobles who take their name from the village of Łubna-Jarosłaj near Sieradz, in central Poland. They attained magnate status in the 18th century before the Partitions of Poland. One of their number, the reformer and Minister of Justice during Congress Poland, Felix, received the hereditary title of Graf, from king Frederick Wilhelm III of Prussia in 1796.[1] He and his wife, the writer, Tekla Teresa Lubienska had 60 grandchildren.[2]
Thereafter, their relative economic decline was mitigated in part through their vast land holdings, their fertility and their capacity to participate in church, state, military, economic and industrial affairs.[3][4][5] They have also made significant contributions in engineering and the arts.[6] Historically, they are connected to some of the leading families of Poland, among them: Bieliński, Lubomirski, Morawski, Potocki, Sobański, Szembek, Szymanowski and Tyszkiewicz. Since the 19th century, they are also related to families in England and France.
They are members of the Pomian heraldic clan.Prem is a brand of canned lunch meat similar to Spam first introduced in 1939 by the original Swift & Company in the United States. The brand is currently owned by Zwanenberg Food Group USA.[1]  In Canada, Prem continues to be sold under the Swift umbrella brand and both trademarks are currently owned by Maple Leaf Foods.[2] Prem was shipped to England during World War II.[3]

This brand-name food or drink product–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lambda is a 2022 science fiction novel written by British artist and author David Musgrave.[1][2][3][4][5][6]
A police officer connects with a strange race of aquatic humans.

This article about a 2020s science fiction novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.Read the Wiktionary entry "aerodigestive"
You can also:Peter "Pirre" Wallenberg Sr. (29 May 1926 – 19 January 2015) was a Swedish business leader who was chairman of Investor AB for ten years.
Wallenberg was born in Skeppsholm Parish [sv], Stockholm, Sweden,[1] into the Wallenberg finance family. He was the son of banker Marcus Wallenberg Jr. and his Scottish wife Dorothy (née Mackay), the younger brother of Marc Wallenberg and the nephew of Jacob Wallenberg.[2] He earned a Candidate of Law degree in 1949 from Stockholm College, now Stockholm University.[3][note 1]
He began his career in 1953 at Atlas Copco AB. Wallenberg worked at its subsidiary in the United States from 1956 to 1959 and was CEO of its subsidiary in Rhodesia from 1959 to 1962 and in Congo from 1960 to 1962 and in England from 1962 to 1967.[4] He was CEO of Atlas Copco MCT AB (Mining and Construction Technique) in Stockholm from 1968 to 1970 and Vice CEO of Atlas Copco AB from 1970 to 1974. Wallenberg was industrial advisor to the Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken (SEB) from 1974.[4] For a long time he stood in the shadow of his father, who made his oldest son Marc his apprentice and doubted his youngest son Peter's abilities.[6][page needed][7][page needed] Only in 1982, after his father's death, did he become a prominent member of the Wallenberg clan. After his father's death, Peter Wallenberg bought out Volvo's shares in two family businesses and merged the three family investment firms, Investor AB, Providentia and Export Invest. He served as chairman of Investor AB for ten years,[8] during which time he internationalised the firm and set in motion international mergers that created companies such as ABB, AstraZeneca and Stora Enso.[9]
Wallenberg was in the mid-1980s a board member of Atlas Copco AB, AB SKF, Investor AB, Förvaltnings AB Providentia, Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation, AB Papyrus, Nymölla AB, Fastighets AB Stockholm-Saltsjön, Enskilda Securities in England and the International Chamber of Commerce – Budget Commission and Finance Committee.[10] He was first vice chairman of Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken, vice chairman of ASEA, Broströms Rederi AB, AB Electrolux, Telefon AB LM Ericsson and Stora Kopparbers Bergslags AB.[10] Wallenberg was also a board member of the Federation of Swedish Industries (Sveriges Industriförbund), the Swedish National Committee of the International Chamber of Commerce, the Stockholm School of Economics Association (from 1988 to 2001[11]), Dillon, Read & Co. in the United States, Per Jacobsson Foundation in the United States and the Swiss Bank Corporation Advisory Board in Switzerland.[10] He was also chairman of the International Council of Swedish Industry (NIR), Swedish-French Research Association (Svensk-franska forskningsföreningen) and the Swedish-British Society as well as the Royal Lawn Tennis Club (Kungliga Lawn Tennis Klubben). Wallenberg was also honorary chairman of the Swedish Tennis Association (Svenska Tennisförbundet) and a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences.[10]
Wallenberg was in the early 1990s the chairman of the board of ASEA AB, Atlas Copco AB, Investor AB, STORA, Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation and co-chairman of ABB Asea Brown Boveri. He was first vice chairman of SEB, vice chairman of AB Electrolux, Incentive AB, AB SKF and Telefon AB LM Ericsson. Wallenberg was also board member of the Federation of Swedish Industries, Nobel Foundation, Scandinavian Airlines, Swedish Intercontinental Airlines, AB Aerotransport, the Swedish National Committee of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC) and Immediate Past President of the ICC in Paris.[12] He was also board member of the Stockholm School of Economics Association, Dillon, Read & Co. in the United States, Per Jacobsson Foundation in the United States, Lauder Institute and the Swiss Bank Corporation Advisory Board in Switzerland.[12] Until his death he also directed several of the Wallenberg family foundations, in particular the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation and the Marianne and Marcus Wallenberg Foundation. The Peter Wallenberg, D.Econ, Foundation for Economics and Technology (Ekon.dr Peter Wallenbergs Stiftelse för Ekonomi och Teknik) was founded in 1996 to honour him on his 70th birthday.
Wallenberg was in his first marriage married 1954–1962 to Suzanne Grevillius (born 1933), the daughter of chief physician Åke Grevillius and Sylvia (née Stenhammar). Together they had three children: Jacob Wallenberg (born 1956), Andrea Gandet (born 1957) and Peter Wallenberg, Jr. (born 1959).[2][13] In his second marriage he was married 1966–1969 to Alice Pearce Rosier (1944–1970) and the third marriage 1971–1980 to the judge Anna-Maria Eek (born 1927).[2]
Wallenberg died in his residence in Värmdö on 19 January 2015 at the age of 88.[14][15] The funeral was held in Katarina Church in Stockholm on 4 February 2015. It was attended by the king Carl XVI Gustaf, Queen Silvia, Crown Princess Victoria, Prince Daniel, Prince Carl Philip, Stefan Löfven, Leif Johansson, Cristina Stenbeck, Pehr G. Gyllenhammar, Maud Olofsson, Karl-Petter Thorwaldsson, Annie Lööf, Hans Dalborg, Claes Dahlbäck, Helene Hellmark Knutsson, Magdalena Andersson, Mikael Damberg, Börje Ekholm, Anders Borg, Jan Carlzon, Fredrik Lundberg, Mona Sahlin, Carl-Henric Svanberg, Annika Falkengren, Leif Pagrotsky, Michael Treschow, Jan Björklund, Ulf Adelsohn, Lena Adelsohn Liljeroth, Pär Nuder, Hans Vestberg, Göran Hägglund, Fredrik Reinfeldt, Anna Kinberg Batra, Anders Wall, Carl Bennet, Hans Stråberg and others.[16][17] During the afternoon there was a special reception at the Grand Hôtel.[17] Wallenberg was taken to his final resting place in the world's only Saab hearse, manufactured by the company that his father once was one of the founders of.[18]
Wallenberg's honours:[5]The Korets Castle (Ukrainian: Корецький замок) is a castle built in Korets c. 1400 by either Prince Theodor Ostrogski or Prince Dymitr Korybut. Its main tower is featured in the town's emblem.
The moated castle on the bank of the Korchyk River was the seat of the princely House of Korets between the 15th and 17th centuries. After the main princely line died out in 1651, Korets passed through inheritance to a junior line of the Czartoryski family. In 1780, Józef Klemens Czartoryski rebuilt the castle to serve as his main residence.
As Józef Klemens had no male issue, the castle was neglected after his death. It burnt down in the wake of the November Uprising in 1832. Over the years the ruins have steadily deteriorated and by the late 20th century have all but disappeared.
50°37′03″N 27°09′23″E﻿ / ﻿50.61750°N 27.15639°E﻿ / 50.61750; 27.15639
This article about a Ukrainian building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Andrew Catlin (born 1960)[1] is an English photographer, artist, director, cinematographer and filmmaker. His work has been widely published, and is included in numerous collections, books, exhibitions and archives.
His work is held in the collection of the National Portrait Gallery, London.[1]
Catlin grew up intrigued by both arts and science. His childhood was spent in London in the 1960s during a period of great transformation and social change. His father, Harry, was the son of a carpenter from the Midlands, who moved to London in the 1950's to work at the BBC. His mother, Joan, was from the north east of England, growing up in county Durham, before coming to London to study English and then finding work at the BBC, where she met Harry.[citation needed]
Catlin had early interests in ethology and also photography, which was encouraged by his father, himself a keen photographer. In 1978, Catlin was awarded the Prince Philip Prize for Zoology by the Zoological Society of London for a research project completed while at school.[2] After attending University College London, he continued his studies with a psychology degree at Durham University before returning to London to do a research degree in Learning and Development at University College London.
During this time he developed his interest in photography. Early work for NME, Melody Maker, Smash Hits, POP and Spin quickly extended to other publications, and commissions from record companies, musicians, designers and artists internationally. His work appeared on record sleeves, books and magazine covers. He was one of the photographers chosen to document the Live Aid concert in 1985 and was the largest single contributor to the subsequent exhibition and book.[3]
During the 1980s he began directing music videos.[4] During a visit to Japan while working with Bryan Adams, he was experimenting with a Super-8 movie camera, when Adams asked if he would film one of his live songs. The black and white clip that followed was reviewed by Chrissy Iley in Direction Magazine as a great debut.[citation needed] His second video, for the Cowboy Junkies track, Blue Moon was given a feature in Direction:
"Blue Moon surprised me, impressed me, and I'm hard to impress, especially with performance videos. Its approach is not clinical or technical or corporate. But its flickered lights and sepia faces strike a mood that few directors of the three-minute clip even bother to think necessary. The facial expressions are important to him, and are carefully monitored with his portraiture eye. Fortunately, MTV shared my view and put it on heavy rotation."(Chrissy Iley).[citation needed]
Catlin was Director of Photography for Elements of Mine, a film by Egyptian director Khaled El Hagar which was awarded First Prize in the Toronto Moving Pictures Festival (MoPix Award 2004). [5]
In 2008, drawing together experience from photography, filmmaking and graphic design, he began a project called "The Matrix Series", exploring graphic compositions with complex multi-frame narratives.[citation needed] Each piece was shot as a set of images designed to interact in multiple dimensions, combining elements of time, movement, rhythm, narrative and graphic structure, while remaining within an essentially documentary framework. In his essay "Nine Hastings Photographers" Vasileios Kantas proposes that
"Andrew Catlin's imagery formations could be considered as a study on perception. His matrix suggests a unique syntax, of which the visual elements have been formed partly coincidentally - the subject's actions - and partly in a controllable way - the photographer's decisions. The way the sub-frames are selected and positioned in the matrix is preconceived, though it does not serve the linearity of time which seems to be loosened, if not abolished. The display of the sub-frames allows different reading strategies, seemingly serving many goals simultaneously."
Sean O'Hagan, photography writer for The Observer, notes
"In his Matrix series, he has somehow merged the rigorously formal with the luminously observational.  Whereas the likes of Blossfeldt and the Bechers created visual typologies, arranging plants and industrial water towers respectively in grids that echo the natural and man-made sameness of their subjects, Catlin has used the grid format to render a series of what he calls "critical" moments. The resulting images are both formally detached and acutely observational, ordered yet intimate. ... Andrew Catlin is a photographer with a scientific eye. He is obsessive, meticulous and rigorous, but also a quiet, unobtrusive observer of the everyday sublime. It shines brightly though his big pictures."[6]
In 2021 he produced an exhibition and book of portraits, Rebel Song, exploring the connections of history and faces of Irish music.  Excerpts from the book were presented by The Irish Cultural Centre in London, with commentary:
"Rebel Song; Faces of Irish Music is a collection of photographs of some of the most important musicians who changed the face of Irish Music into the international force it is today. With the words of Irish song's, quotes from the musicians, and written commentaries on Irish history and on British colonial rule in Ireland, published throughout – what emerges is a powerful and sublime book which charts the evolution from Irish folk, into rebellious Rock, Pop and Protest Songs and Punk, which burst into the sounds and voice of a nation's resistance and exploded onto a global stage.
What's so extraordinary about the book is that its author, photographer Andrew Catlin, is an Englishman, who knew nothing about Irish history at the outset. While producing the book Catlin under-went a journey of discovery to find the connection between Irish music, the history of Ireland, and the passion, power and intensity of some of the greatest Irish songwriters and performers of the last 50 years.
Catlin says "Many of the references in Irish songs – people and places that in Ireland carry a heavy weight of history – have no meaning at all in England. You feel the strength of emotion, but unrecognised names seem quaint or unimportant. It can be shocking when you find a familiar song is about a shameful episode of British brutality."[7]
His photography is held in major collections and archives worldwide, ranging from The National Portrait Gallery in London[8] to the Schwules Museum in Berlin.[9]
Media related to Andrew Catlin at Wikimedia CommonsThe men's 20 kilometres race walk at the 2004 Summer Olympics as part of the athletics program was held through the streets of Athens with the start and finish at the Athens Olympic Stadium on August 20.[1][2]
The Chinese trio of Han Yucheng, Liu Yunfeng, and Zhu Hongjun took an early lead as the race walkers had left the stadium, but their challenge never materialized. Han could not keep up with the leaders through the first lap and soon fell off the pace, leaving Liu and Zhu with a burden to defend their chances. Approaching the second and third lap, Spain's Paquillo Fernández soon joined the Chinese duo to toughen the pace and build a commanding lead over the rest of the field, followed by his teammate Juan Manuel Molina, Ivano Brugnetti, Nathan Deakes, African champion Hatem Ghoula, and overwhelming favorite Jefferson Pérez.
When Ghoula was given his first warning with a yellow card on possession at the 6k mark, the leading pack had been whittled down to eight. Halfway through the race and with only four laps to go, Fernandez, Brugnetti, and Deakes were the strongest chasers, forming a slightly tight group to decide on the medals. Perez, however, struggled to keep up the pace on the leaders by a ten-metre deficit with Zhu and 2000 Olympic silver medalist Noé Hernández following him.
Fifty minutes into the race, Brugnetti steadily turned to break away from the leading group with Fernandez and Deakes continuously chasing him to the front. While Hernandez was disqualified after the red paddle, Perez managed to bridge back to the leaders with only a few laps remaining, but eventually fell behind. This left with Brugnetti, Fernandez, and Deakes walking closely and swiftly towards the 18k mark, before the two Europeans zoomed past Deakes to gain a three-second lead going to the final lap. Brugnetti made a decisive move to put some distance ahead of Fernandez in the approach to the Olympic Stadium.
As Fernandez could not close the gap on the final stretch, a jubilant Brugnetti celebrated all the way to a superb finish, and savored his Olympic gold medal in 1:19:40, just five seconds ahead of the Spaniard. Behind the two European rivals, Deakes managed to hold on for the bronze with Perez placing to a disappointing fourth.[3][4]
Prior to the competition[update], the existing World and Olympic records were as follows.
No new records were set during the competition.
The qualification period for athletics was 1 January 2003 to 9 August 2004. For the men's 20 kilometres race walk, each National Olympic Committee was permitted to enter up to three athletes that had run the race in 1:23:00 or faster during the qualification period. If an NOC had no athletes that qualified under that standard, one athlete that had run the race in 1:24:30 or faster could be entered.
All times are Greece Standard Time (UTC+2)
The 1998 Major League Baseball postseason was the playoff tournament of Major League Baseball for the 1998 season. The winners of the League Division Series would move on to the League Championship Series to determine the pennant winners that face each other in the World Series. This was the first postseason in which teams were seeded by their respective win–loss records within their respective leagues.[2][3]
In the American League, the New York Yankees and Cleveland Indians returned to the postseason for the fourth year in a row, and the Boston Red Sox returned to the postseason for the third time that decade, and the Texas Rangers returned to the postseason for the second time in three years.
In the National League, the Atlanta Braves made their seventh straight postseason appearance, the Chicago Cubs returned to the postseason for the first time since 1989, the San Diego Padres were making their second appearance in the past three years, and the Houston Astros returned for the second year in a row, marking the first time that both Texas MLB teams made the postseason.
The postseason began on September 29, 1998, and ended on October 21, 1998, with the 114-win New York Yankees sweeping the San Diego Padres in the 1998 World Series. It was the Yankees' 24th championship in franchise history, tying the Montreal Canadiens for the most championship wins in North American sports.
This was the first postseason in which teams were seeded by their respective win–loss record within their respective leagues.
The following teams qualified for the postseason:
New York won the series, 3–0.
This was the second postseason meeting between the Yankees and Rangers. They last met in the 1996 ALDS, which the Yankees won in four games. The Yankees swept the Rangers to return to the ALCS for the second time in three years.
This series was not close - the Yankees held the Rangers to only one run scored throughout the entire series. David Wells and Mariano Rivera silenced the Rangers’ offense in a Game 1 shutout. Andy Pettitte and Rivera would clamp down on the Rangers again as they won Game 2 by a 3–1 score, with the Rangers’ only run coming from Iván “Pudge” Rodríguez’s RBI single. David Cone and the Yankees’ bullpen silenced the Rangers’ offense in yet another shutout win in Arlington in Game 3.
The Yankees and Rangers would meet again the next year, which also ended in a Yankees sweep. It would be in 2010 that the Rangers would finally break through against the Yankees.
Cleveland won the series, 3–1.
This was the second postseason meeting between the Red Sox and Indians. They last met in the ALDS in 1995, which was won by the Indians. The Indians once again defeated the Red Sox to return to the ALCS for the third time in four years.
The Red Sox blew out the Indians in Game 1 thanks to a pair of three-run home runs from Nomar Garciaparra and Mo Vaughn. Game 2 was an offensive showdown that was won by the Indians, capped off by a three-run home run from David Justice, which evened the series headed to Boston. In Game 3, Jim Thome, Kenny Lofton, and Manny Ramirez all homered for the Indians as they won by one run to take the series lead. In Game 4, the Red Sox took an early lead thanks to another home run from Garciaparra, but the Indians rallied to win in the eighth thanks to an RBI double from Justice.
Both teams would meet again in the 1999 ALDS, 2007 ALCS, and 2016 ALDS, with the Red Sox winning the former two, and the Indians winning the latter.
Atlanta won the series, 3–0.
This was the first postseason meeting between the Braves and Cubs. The Braves swept the Cubs to advance to the NLCS for a record seventh year in a row.
The Braves blew out the Cubs in Game 1 thanks to a stellar pitching performance from John Smoltz, while the Braves prevailed in an extra-inning Game 2 to go up 2–0 in the series headed to Chicago. The Braves took Game 3 by a 6–2 score to advance.
Both teams would meet again in the postseason in 2003, where the Cubs defeated the Braves in the NLDS to win their first postseason series since 1908.
San Diego won the series, 3–1.
The Padres upset the team with the MLB's best offense in the Astros in four games to advance to the NLCS for the first time since 1984.
The Padres took Game 1 on the road against Astros' ace Randy Johnson, winning their first road playoff game in franchise history. The Astros evened the series with a 5–4 victory in Game 2. When the series moved to San Diego for Game 3, the Padres' Jim Leyritz hit a solo home run in the bottom of the seventh to secure the win. In Game 4, the Padres closed out the series by handing Johnson yet another loss in a 6–1 victory.
This was the last time the Padres won in the NLDS until 2022.
New York won the series, 4–2.
This was the second postseason meeting between the Indians and Yankees. The Indians took a 2–1 series lead, but they were unable to maintain it, as the Yankees defeated the Indians in six games to return to the World Series for the second time in three years.
David Wells pitched eight solid innings as the Yankees blew out the Indians in Game 1. Game 2 was a long and grueling contest which was won by the Indians as Kenny Lofton had a two-run RBI single in the top of the twelfth which put them in the lead for good. Bartolo Colón pitched a complete game as the Indians blew out the Yankees in Game 3 to take a surprising series lead over the 114-win Yankees. Orlando "El Duque" Hernández pitched seven innings of shutout ball in Game 4 as the Yankees shut out the Indians to even the series. Wells pitched seven innings in a 5–3 Yankees win in Game 5 to take a 3–2 series lead headed back to the Bronx. In Game 6, the Yankees jumped out to a big lead early and held it to clinch the pennant.
Both teams would meet again in the ALDS in 2007 and 2017, the 2020 AL Wild Card Series, and the ALDS again in 2022, with Cleveland winning the former, and the Yankees winning the latter three. They would eventually meet in the ALCS again in 2024, with the Yankees winning in five games.
The Indians would return to the ALCS in 2007, but they blew a 3–1 series lead and fell to the Boston Red Sox in seven games. The Yankees would win the AL pennant again the next year, defeating their archrival in the Boston Red Sox in five games.
San Diego won the series, 4–2.
This was the first postseason meeting between the Padres and Braves. The Padres upset the NL-best Braves in six games to return to the World Series for the first time since 1984.
The Padres stole Games 1 and 2 on the road to go up 2–0 in the series headed to San Diego, capped off by the Padres' Kevin Brown pitching a complete-game shutout in Game 2. The Padres then went up 3–0 in the series with a 4–1 victory in Game 3. While the Braves attempted to rally by taking Games 4 and 5 to send the series back to Atlanta, the Padres clinched the pennant with a 5–0 shutout in Game 6.
Until 2020, this was the last playoff series win by the Padres. As of 2025, this is the last time that the Padres won the NL pennant. The Braves would return to the NLCS again next year, and defeated the New York Mets in six games to return to the World Series. The Padres would eventually return to the NLCS in 2022, but were defeated by the Philadelphia Phillies in five games, who made a Cinderella run to the World Series.
Both teams would meet again in the Wild Card round of the 2024 postseason, which was won by the Padres in a sweep.
New York won the series, 4–0.
The Yankees handily swept the Padres to win their second title in three years.
The Yankees prevailed in an offensive duel in Game 1, and then blew out the Padres in Game 2 to go up 2–0 in the series headed to San Diego. In Game 3, the Padres held a 3–2 lead going into the eighth, but the Yankees went on a 3–1 run in the inning to prevail 5–4 and go up 3–0 in the series. Andy Pettitte and Mariano Rivera helped the Yankees shut out the Padres in Game 4 to complete the sweep and clinch the title.
After the series win, the Yankees would eventually complete a three-peat, winning again in 1999 and 2000. The Padres would not return to the postseason again until 2005.
To date, this is the last championship series of the four major North American sports leagues to feature a team from San Diego. This was the last postseason series ever played at Qualcomm Stadium.
This was the third season under a five-year U.S. rights agreement with ESPN, Fox, and NBC. Division Series games aired across the three networks. NBC then televised the American League Championship Series, while Fox aired both the National League Championship Series and the World Series.Nathaniel A. Buchwald (July 19, 1924 – July 14, 2006) was an American neuroscientist, educator and administrator, who was Professor of Psychiatry and Biobehavioral Sciences and Neurobiology at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). Buchwald was internationally recognized for his pioneering research on the functions of the basal ganglia, an area of the brain closely associated with neurological diseases like Parkinson's disease.[1]
Buchwald was born in Brooklyn, New York in 1924, as eldest child of Nellie and Sol Buchwald. He received his B.A. in chemistry at University of Miami in Florida in 1946, and his Ph.D. from the University of Minnesota in 1953 in neuroanatomy and neurophysiology.
Buchwald started working as an anatomy instructor at Tulane University Medical School in 1953. In 1957 he returned to the University of California, Los Angeles to work at the new Brain Research Institute. He became an associate professor in the Department of Anatomy in 1961 and later was promoted to professor and joined the Department of Psychiatry in 1970.
Buchwald was the Director of the UCLA Mental Retardation Research Center for more than 40 years. End of the 1950s he had been among the first members of the Society for General Systems Research. In 1969 he was the founder and Group Coordinator of the Neurophysiology Group of the new Mental Retardation Research Center. He became the Associate Director for Research in 1971 and Director of the UCLA Mental Retardation Research Center in 1973, a position he held until 1993.[1]
Buchwald died July 14, 2006, in Los Angeles, California.
Buchwald was an "internationally renowned neuroscientist and electrophysiologist who made pioneering seminal contributions concerning the functions of the basal ganglia, areas of the brain involved in the etiology of neurodegenerative disorders like Parkinson’s and Huntington’s diseases, and of specific forms of developmental disabilities".[2]
He was "one of the first neuroscientists to study electrophysiology in subcortical brain nuclei in awake and unrestrained animals. His early studies on evoked potentials garnered much recognition in the late 1950s. Starting with his classic experiments on the “caudate spindle” published in the major journal of the early 1960s Electroencephalography and Clinical Neurophysiology, Nat and his colleagues, especially his closest and longest collaborator, Chester D. Hull, Ph.D., maintained a continuing examination of how neurons in the basal ganglia communicate with each other and how this communication is altered in models of diseases and during maturation".[1]
Nate has also been known as the "Cutty King of Syracuse."Nurmahal, oder Das Rosenfest von Kaschmir is an 1822 German-language opera in two acts by Gaspare Spontini, to a libretto by Carl Alexander Herklots after Thomas Moore's Lalla Rookh premiered in Berlin.[1]

This article about a German-language opera is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."Tuesday Afternoon" (sometimes referred to as "Forever Afternoon (Tuesday?)", or simply "Forever Afternoon") is a 1968 song written by Justin Hayward that was first released by English rock band the Moody Blues on their 1967 album Days of Future Passed and later released as a single.
The song was originally released on The Moody Blues' 1967 album Days of Future Passed, a concept album chronicling a typical day. On the album, it was part one of "The Afternoon" track titled "Forever Afternoon (Tuesday?)". Justin Hayward said that he wrote the song on a Tuesday afternoon in Lydiard Park, in his hometown of Swindon. Hayward's mother had taken him and his brother to the park while they were growing up, and he revisited the park during the production of Days of Future Passed to write the song.[2] He said that he wrote the song "with guitar and joint in hand".[3]
When the concept of the album was determined, illustrating different times of day,[4] Hayward volunteered to take a song about the afternoon.  He said of the song:
So once I got the afternoon, I went down to my parents’ house in Wiltshire, west England. I remember going into a field there with a guitar and writing ‘Tuesday.’ I was a bit hung up on tempo and changing keys, which "Tuesday" does. It was the simplest thing to record, just a pure, good vibe from the writing through to playing it to the other guys — no stress, good vibe, all having a good time, thank you. Just three of us did the backing track, and I played the piano as an overdub and Mike [Pinder] did the Mellotron part, with that funny little trumpet on it that’s just so evocative.[4]
Allmusic critic Richie Unterberger describes the lyrics as being "of a youthful contemplative sort coming to a philosophical realization that helps him get that much closer to the meaning of life."[5]  According to Unterberger, the song has a "strong melody and a dignified presentation."[5] The instrumentation features a prominent Mellotron.[5]
Justin Hayward wrote the song originally intending to name it "Tuesday Afternoon". At the insistence of producer Tony Clarke, it was named "Forever Afternoon (Tuesday?)" for its release on Days of Future Passed. However, when it was released as a single a year later, its name was changed back to "Tuesday Afternoon". Some of the Moody Blues compilation and live albums list the song as "Tuesday Afternoon (Forever Afternoon)" to reflect both titles.
"Tuesday Afternoon" was released as a single in 1968 and was the second single from Days of Future Passed (the first being "Nights in White Satin"). It was backed with another Days track, "Another Morning".
On Days of Future Passed, the London Festival Orchestra performs the final orchestral rendition of the chorus. This orchestral link between parts one and two of the song was recorded separately from the Moodies' portions. The link was arranged by Peter Knight, who arranged orchestral sections for the entire album. However, for the single release and subsequent releases on compilation albums, this orchestral finale was not included and the song simply faded out during Ray Thomas's flute solo.[5] The Moody Blues 1994 compilation album, Time Traveller, marked the first time the orchestral link was included on a compilation. Its release on 1998's Anthology also included the first-portion orchestral finale.
Cash Box said that this "Stunning teen-aimed ballad picks up rhythmic punch in a development that winds up a throbbing with top forty appeal."[6]
Classic Rock History critic Brian Kachejian rated it as the Moody Blues' greatest song, saying that "Justin Hayward’s beautiful lyrics and melody combined with John Lodges’ guitar work and Mike Pinder’s Mellotron presented Moody Blues fans with the group’s grandest work and quite simply, the finest recording of the band’s long career."[7] Ultimate Classic Rock critic Nick DeRiso rated it as the Moody Blues' 4th greatest song.[3]Tri-County Community College is a public community college in Murphy, North Carolina. It was founded in 1964 to serve Cherokee, Clay, and Graham counties and is part of the North Carolina Community College System.
On November 5, 1964, Tri-County Industrial Education Center was approved by the North Carolina Board of Education to serve the region with vocational and trade classes.[1] The following year, the Cherokee County Board of Education negotiated a lease agreement for the college to occupy the abandoned Cherokee County Prison Camp in Peachtree. During the 1970s the McSwain building was renovated. The West building and Crisp building were constructed in 1979.[2] The school became a "technical institute" in 1978 and was accredited as a two-year community college in 1985.[1]
In 1984, the North Carolina Legislature allocated funds for the college to construct a multi-purpose building. The building was completed in 1989 and named for legislator Jeff Enloe, whose support of the college enabled successful appropriation of construction funding.[2]
In 1993 a statewide bond referendum was passed to fund construction of the Graham County Center. Land and buildings were provided in 1995 and the center opened in 1998.[2]
At the Murphy campus, a new building for dual use as a student activities center and an early childhood education center was completed in 1998. Then-president Norman Oglesby named one building for himself. The student activities wing is named for Sarah Easley Harper, originator of the Student Support Center. The early childhood education wing is named the Jarrett/Oglesby Center.[2]
The college opened its four-story Fire and Rescue Training Center in 2003.[3] Tri-County Early College High School opened on the main campus in 2006.[3][4] TCCC opened its Cherokee County Center of Applied Technology in Marble in 2008 after renovating an existing building there. That same year Donna Tipton-Rogers was appointed as the school's first female president.[3]
Mountain Community Chorus began as a Tri-County class in 1974. The choir now accepts adults from across the region, rehearses at Young Harris College, and performs concerts twice a year.[5]
In fall 2023, TCCC began offering in-state tuition to Georgia residents for the first time. The offer extends only to residents in Fannin, Rabun, Towns and Union counties.[6]
The college is accredited by the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools Commission on Colleges to award associate degrees. Relevant programs are also approved by the North Carolina Board of Cosmetic Arts or the North Carolina Board of Nursing.
Tri-County Community College serves the counties of:
There are three campus locations, the Main Campus in Murphy, and the Graham County Center in Robbinsville, and the Cherokee County Center of Applied Technology in Marble. The main campus has buildings named McSwain, in honor of Holland McSwain, Tri-County Community College's First President; West, for Herman West, a State Legislator and entrepreneur; and Crisp, for Vincent Crisp, Tri-County Community College President from 1972 to 1992.
The Tri-County Communicator is the student newspaper of TCCC[7]
35°04′02″N 83°57′58″W﻿ / ﻿35.0671°N 83.9661°W﻿ / 35.0671; -83.9661The Brazilian Red Cross (Brazilian Portuguese: Cruz Vermelha Brasileira) was founded in 1908. It has its headquarters in Brasília.[1][2][3][4]
In 1907, physician Joaquim de Oliveira Botelho proposed organizing the Brazilian Red Cross in Rio de Janeiro and gained support from members of the Brazilian Historic and Geographic Institute. Articles of Association were drafted and approved on 5 December 1908, and the organization gained recognition as a national branch of the International Committee of the Red Cross in the period from 1910 to 1912.[5] In 1912, the physician Marie Rennotte founded the branch for the state of São Paulo.[6] By 1919, the organization had joined the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies.[5]
Afghanistan
 Albania
 Algeria
 Andorra
 Angola
 Antigua and Barbuda
 Argentina
 Armenia
 Australia
 Austria
 Azerbaijan
 The Bahamas
 Bahrain
 Bangladesh
 Barbados
 Belarus (suspended)
 Belgium
 Belize
 Benin
 Bhutan
 Bolivia
 Bosnia and Herzegovina
 Botswana
 Brazil
 Brunei
 Bulgaria
 Burkina Faso
 Burundi
 Cambodia
 Cameroon
 Canada
 Cape Verde
 Central African Republic
 Chad
 Chile [es]
 China
 Colombia
 Comoros
 Congo [it]
 Congo, Democratic Republic of the
 Cook Islands
 Costa Rica [es]
 Côte d'Ivoire
 Croatia
 Cuba [es]
 Cyprus
 Czech Republic
 Denmark
 Djibouti
Dominica
 Dominican Republic
 Ecuador [es]
 Egypt
 El Salvador
 Equatorial Guinea
 Eritrea
 Estonia
 Eswatini
 Ethiopia
 Fiji
 Finland
 France
 Gabon
 Gambia
 Georgia
 Germany
 Ghana
 Greece
 Grenada
 Guatemala
 Guinea
 Guinea-Bissau
 Guyana
 Haiti
 Honduras
 Hungary
 Iceland
 India
 Indonesia
 Iran
 Iraq
 Ireland
 Israel
 Italy
 Jamaica
 Japan
 Jordan
 Kazakhstan
 Kenya
 Kiribati
 Korea, North
 Korea, South
 Kuwait
 Kyrgyzstan
 Laos
 Latvia
 Lebanon
Lesotho
 Liberia
 Libya
 Liechtenstein
 Lithuania
 Luxembourg
 Madagascar
 Malawi
 Malaysia
 Maldives
 Mali
 Malta
 Marshall Islands
 Mauritania
 Mauritius
 Mexico
 Micronesia, Federated States of
 Moldova
 Monaco
 Mongolia
 Montenegro
 Morocco
 Mozambique
 Myanmar
 Namibia
 Nepal
 Netherlands
 New Zealand
 Nicaragua
 Niger
 Nigeria
 North Macedonia
 Norway
 Pakistan
 Palau
 Palestine
 Panama
 Papua New Guinea
 Paraguay
 Peru (suspended)
 Philippines
 Poland
 Portugal [pt]
 Qatar
 Republika Srpska
 Romania
 Russia
 Rwanda
 Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
 Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
 Samoa
 San Marino
 São Tomé and Príncipe
 Saudi Arabia
 Senegal
 Serbia
 Seychelles
 Sierra Leone
 Singapore
 Slovakia
 Slovenia
 Solomon Islands
 Somalia
 South Africa
 South Sudan
 Spain
 Sri Lanka
 Sudan
 Suriname
 Sweden
 Switzerland
 Syria
 Taiwan (Republic of China)
 Tajikistan
 Tanzania
 Thailand
 Timor-Leste
 Togo
 Tonga
 Trinidad and Tobago
 Tunisia
 Turkey
 Turkmenistan
 Tuvalu
 Uganda
 Ukraine
 United Arab Emirates
 United Kingdom
 United States
 Uruguay
 Uzbekistan
 Vanuatu
 Venezuela
 Viet Nam
 Yemen
 Zambia
 Zimbabwe
Abkhazia (no-member)
 Cyprus, North (non-member)
 Hong Kong (autonomous branch of the RCSC)
 Kosovo (non-member)
Macau (autonomous branch of the RCSC)
 Oman (non-member)
 Ossetia, South (non-member)
 SADR (pending recognition and admission)
Somaliland (non-member)
 Taiwan (former member)
 Transnistria (non-member)
 Vatican City (autonomous branch of the Italian Red Cross)

This article about an organisation in Brazil is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Julia Sergeyevna Kutyukova (Russian: Ю́лия Серге́евна Кутюко́ва; born March 30, 1989, in Lipetsk) is a Russian volleyball player and the attacking Captain VC of Leningradka.
Julia Kutyukova was born and started to practice volleyball in Lipetsk. Julia's mother, Marina Kutyukova, advocated the volleyball team Indesit Lipetsk from 1995 to 2001.
She has performed for the first team since 2008.[1] In the years 2003–2010, Julia Kutyukova was played as VC Stinol (aka Indesit).
In 2010–2012 she played in Fakel (Novy Urengoy), in 2012–2013 –  Severstal  (Cherepovets), 2013–2015 –  Omichka (Omsk).[2] In 2015, she signed a contract with  Leningradka from St. Petersburg.
She was also a bronze medalist in 2014, a silver medalist at the Cup of Russia in 2014 (top scorer of the final round of the draw).
In 2014, she made her debut in the national team of Russia. Its composition took part in two international tournaments -Montreux Volley Masters (3rd place) and  Boris Yeltsin Cup   (2nd place).[3]
Cyprian Thomas Rust (1808–1895) was an English cleric and Hebrew scholar. He combined commercial employment with spare-time linguistic studies.
Rust was born at Stowmarket, Suffolk, on 25 March 1808, the son of Thomas Rust (1774–1842), a leading tradesman and a prominent member of the Baptist Congregation in Stowmarket, and Ann Bridge (died 1810).[1] He was educated at boarding school in Halesworth, then placed while a youth with a Spooner, Loggatt & Co, woollen merchants. His leisure, however, was taken with linguistic studies; he arranged in parallel columns for comparative purposes translations of the Scriptures in Hebrew, Greek, Latin and Syriac.[2]
Rust joined the Baptist Church worshipping in Salem Chapel, Soho, and was baptised by John Stevens, the pastor on 30 June 1831. About 1836 he began to preach in various rooms and small chapels in the London suburbs, together with some other young men who devoted themselves on Sundays to this work. He entered the Particular Baptist ministry in 1837, and about this time married Elizabeth Maria Warren (1808–1887), only daughter of the late John Willing Warren, author of Ten Thousand a Year. Their one son was John Cyprian Rust. Cyprian became a Baptist preacher in London, then in 1838 pastor of the Baptist chapel, Eld Lane, Colchester. This he resigned in 1842 on account of ill health, but he remained at Colchester, taking literary and occasional ministerial work until 1849.
In that year Rust joined the Church of England and entered Queens' College, Cambridge, where he graduated LL.B. in 1856.[2][3][4] Having been licensed to the perpetual curacy of St Michael at Thorn, Norwich, he was presented in 1860 by John Thomas Pelham, Bishop of Norwich, to the rectory of Heigham. This huge parish was later divided into three. Of these, Rust chose the new parish of Holy Trinity, South Heigham, where he became Rector on 2 April 1868. While in Norwich, he was active in most of the local religious and philanthropic movements and societies. In 1875, he was presented by the Bishop to the Rectory of Westerfield, a village two miles from Ipswich. He remained until 1890, then resigned under the Incumbents Resignation Act and moved to Soham, Cambridgeshire, where died on 7 March 1895 in the house of his only son, who was vicar of the parish. He was buried at Westerfield on 13 March.[1][2][3]
In the late 1890s he published a pamphlet setting forth the scope and negative character of "the Higher Criticism," which drew from William Gladstone an acknowledgment of its value.[2][3] He devoted much time to the study of the Great and Little Massora in Buxtorf's Rabbinical Bible. He was a diligent student of Hebrew, and took an interest in the controversies raised by the Higher criticism. While he was a member of the Baptist denomination, he wrote several pieces in prose and verse for Zion's Trumpet, and in 1845 he was a chief contributor to the Colchester Christian Magazine, if not editor of it. He reprinted some of these early writings under the title of Fragments in Prose and Verse. From 1864 to 1866 or thereabouts he wrote many articles in the Christian Advocate and Review (Hunt & Co) which was then edited by the Rev. Robert Hindes Groome, afterwards Archdeacon of Suffolk.[1]
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: "Rust, Thomas Cyprian". Dictionary of National Biography. London: Smith, Elder & Co. 1885–1900.Annette Muetze is an electrical engineer from the Graz University of Technology in Graz, Austria. She was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2016 "for her contributions to the analysis and mitigation of bearing currents in variable-speed drives".[1] She was one of the recipients of the 2020 Nagamori Awards, recognizing her for "increasing the reliability, efficiency, and utilization of variable speed drive systems".[2][3]

This biographical article about an Austrian engineer, inventor or industrial designer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.HŠK Građanski (alternatively spelled Gradjanski or Gradanski), also known as 1. HŠK Građanski or fully Prvi hrvatski građanski športski klub (lit. 'First Croatian Citizens' Sports Club'), was a Croatian football club established in Zagreb in 1911 and dissolved in 1945. The club had a huge influence on the development of football in Croatia and Kingdom of Yugoslavia and achieved its greatest success in the period between the two World Wars.
In 1911, when Croatia was still part of Austria-Hungary, Građanski was founded in Zagreb by Andrija Mutafelija and a few of his friends in response to rumors that a football club that was meant to play in the Hungarian football league (as opposed to the Croatian Sports Union) was about to be established in the city. Građanski was therefore founded as a multi-sports club with a distinctly Croatian identity intended to cater to the public of Zagreb, with sections dedicated to football, handball, and cycling.
At first the club used grounds in Zagreb's neighbourhoods of Tuškanac, Martinovka and Kanal, until they built their permanent ground Stadion Koturaška, which was officially opened in 1924 by Stjepan Radić, a prominent Croatian politician. Although Građanski lost their first ever game to city rivals HAŠK 1–5, the club soon became popular and widely supported by Zagreb's working class, in contrast to HAŠK, which was an academic sports club affiliated with the University of Zagreb and its students who came to the city from all over the country, and which was more supported by middle class fans.
In the following years, a healthy rivalry developed between the two city clubs. After the Yugoslav championship was launched on a national level in 1923, Građanski's greatest rivals outside of Zagreb soon became BSK Belgrade, SK Jugoslavija, and Hajduk Split. During the 1920s and 1930s Građanski became the most popular club in Zagreb and one of the strongest in the nation, having won five Yugoslav championships (1923, 1926, 1928, 1937, 1940).
Internationally, the club went on several successful tours – on one of these, in 1923 in Spain, Građanski beat Barcelona and Athletic Bilbao.[1] The club often toured Austria and Hungary and played friendly matches with top local sides there. In 1936 they went on tour to England and Scotland where they adopted the WM formation which some sources say helped them win the 1936–1937 Yugoslav championship.
Hungarian coach Márton Bukovi, who first started using the formation as Građanski manager in 1936, later introduced it to Hungary in the late 1940s. He then modified it into the now famous WW system which brought the Hungary national football team to the final game of the 1954 World Cup, and which was later exported to Brazil as the 4–2–4 formation.
Građanski also hosted friendlies with international teams touring this part of Europe. In June 1934 Građanski played a match in Zagreb with the Brazil national team which ended in a 0–0 draw, with footballing greats such as Leônidas and Waldemar in their lineup.[2] In May 1936 Liverpool FC suffered their first continental defeat in Zagreb, a 5–1 thrashing in front of an audience of 10,000 with August Lešnik scoring a hat-trick and Berry Nieuwenhuys claiming a consolation goal for the Reds.[3] In November 1936 the club visited Scotland, and drew 4–4 with Heart of Midlothian at Tynecastle Park.
The club competed in the Mitropa Cup, a regional European club competition, on three occasions, in 1928, 1937 and 1940. In 1928 Građanski were knocked out in the quarter-final by Viktoria Žižkov of Czechoslovakia with 4–8 on aggregate. Nine years later, Građanski exited early again after suffering a 1–6 aggregate loss to Genova 1893 FBC.[4]
In 1940 Građanski managed to beat the Hungarian side Újpest FC 5–0 on aggregate in the quarter-final, only to lose to Rapid Bucharest in the semi-final. Both legs ended goalless, so a playoff game on neutral grounds in Subotica was played, which ended in a 1–1 draw.[5] Rapid Bucharest progressed to the final on a coin toss, although the tie, against Ferencváros, was never played because of the outbreak of World War II.
After the invasion of Yugoslavia in April 1941, sports competitions in many parts of the country were suspended. An exception to this was the Independent State of Croatia (NDH), a regime installed by the Axis powers which controlled most of modern-day Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina and which enjoyed relative peace. NDH continued to hold national competitions featuring prominent Croatian clubs.
Four of these wartime championships were started (1941, 1941–42, 1942–43 and 1943–44) but only the second and third editions were actually finished, with Građanski winning the 1942–43 season.[6]
When the war ended in the spring of 1945, the club was formally disbanded by the new communist government, along with their city rivals HAŠK and Concordia, and a number of smaller lower-tier clubs. The club's last official game was a 2–2 draw against HAŠK on 10 April 1945. In June 1945 the Dinamo Zagreb multi-sports society was founded, meant to become the city's new football powerhouse.
The newly established Dinamo club adopted Građanski's colours and nickname, and inherited its pre-war fan base, and in 1969 even introduced a club badge designed to resemble Građanski's old emblem. Dinamo also used Građanski's Stadion Koturaška and Concordia's old ground at present-day Stadion Kranjčevićeva in the 1940s before moving to the upgraded version of HAŠK's former ground Stadion Maksimir in 1948, where it remains to this day.
Many former Građanski players continued their career at Dinamo after the war (including Ivan Jazbinšek, August Lešnik, Zvonimir Cimermančić, Milan Antolković) as well as their coach Márton Bukovi, while some others moved to FK Partizan in Belgrade, which was established after the war as the official Yugoslav Army club (these included Florijan Matekalo and Stjepan Bobek).
Since Zagreb was home to the Croatian-named Nogometni Savez Jugoslavije ("Football Association of Yugoslavia"; NSJ) since its establishment in 1919, and both Građanski as a club, and Zagreb as a city, were regarded as important footballing centers of Yugoslavia (e.g. three of the city's clubs won Yugoslav championship titles in the 1920s and 1930s: Građanski, Concordia and HAŠK).[7] Because of this, Građanski players were often called up for the Kingdom of Yugoslavia national team, which played competitive matches at Olympic tournaments, the regional Balkan Cup, and World Cup qualifiers.
In the 1920s twelve Građanski players were called up for Yugoslavia's Olympics teams formed for the 1920, 1924 and 1928 Games. Two of them—Slavin Cindrić and Emil Perška—were at all three Olympic tournaments.
In 1929 the association in Zagreb was dissolved after disagreements between the Zagreb and Belgrade regional branches. In May 1930 the association was moved to Belgrade, where it adopted the Serbian name Fudbalski Savez Jugoslavije (FSJ). In protest, Croatian players boycotted the national team which was scheduled to compete at the 1930 World Cup in Uruguay in July. Yugoslavia sent a squad consisting entirely of Serbian players called up from Belgrade clubs, mostly from BSK Beograd, BASK and SK Jugoslavija.[8]
The team managed to beat Brazil 2–1 and Bolivia 4–0 but were then crushed by Uruguay 1–6 in the semi-final. Since Yugoslavia failed to qualify for the next two World Cups in 1934 and 1938, this meant that no Croatian players appeared at World Cup tournaments until Yugoslavia's next appearance after World War II at the 1950 World Cup in Brazil. By that time Građanski had ceased to exist, although Stjepan Bobek, who had initially played for Građanski in 1943–1945 before joining the newly formed Partizan after the war, was a key player for Yugoslavia at both 1950 and 1954 World Cups and at the 1948 and 1952 Olympic tournaments.
The following is a list of Građanski players who earned at least one cap for Kingdom of Yugoslavia national team while playing at the club in the period from 1920 to 1941. Appearances and goals are taken from Football Association of Serbia database, and represent players' career totals. During WW2 the fascist Independent State of Croatia (NDH) fielded its own FIFA-registered national team which played 15 friendlies with other Axis powers teams between 1941 and 1944.
The team was largely composed of Građanski players, and initially managed by Jozo Jakopić, director of Građanski. Players who appeared for NDH in that period are marked with †. After the war and dissolution of Građanski some of its players were called up to play for the newly established communist SFR Yugoslavia team. Only four players appeared for all three national teams during this turbulent period – Miroslav Brozović, Zvonimir Cimermančić, Branko Pleše and Franjo Wölfl.
Like Bobek, Brozović moved to Belgrade and continued to play for Partizan after the war, while the other three joined the newly formed Dinamo Zagreb. In addition, all except Pleše were part of the Yugoslavia squad at the 1948 Olympics in London which won silver medal.
List of managers:[9]
Conus papilliferus, common name the papilla cone, is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Conidae, the cone snails and their allies.[1]
Like all species within the genus Conus, these snails are predatory and venomous. They are capable of "stinging" humans, therefore live ones should be handled carefully or not at all.
The shell of Conus papilliferus is relatively small to medium-sized, with adult shells varying in size between 20 mm and 50 mm.[2] The shell is characterized by its conical shape and intricate patterns. The coloration of the shell can vary, but it typically features a combination of light and dark hues that provide camouflage against the seabed.[3] The surface of the shell is adorned with fine spiral ridges and grooves, which add to its intricate appearance. The aperture is narrow, and the outer lip is thin and slightly flared.[4]
The shell's structure is adapted to its marine habitat, providing protection against predators and harsh environmental conditions. The species exhibits a high degree of morphological variation, which is common among marine gastropods and is influenced by environmental factors such as water temperature, salinity, and substrate type.
This marine species is endemic to Australia and occurs in the shallow subtidal zone off New South Wales, Queensland and Victoria.

This Conus-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ornistomus simulatrix is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae. It was described by Clarke in 2012.[1]

This Rhinotragini article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Jamie Redman (born July 19, 1986 in Spokane, Washington) is an American rower.[1]

This biographical article relating to American rowing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Ohafia is an Igbo town in the Ohafia local government area (LGA) in Abia State, Nigeria.[2][3] It is an Igbo speaking region. The ancestral capital of Ohafia town is the centrally located village of Elu. Ohafia Local Government Area, is an administrative jurisdiction assigned by the Nigeria Government, which covers the entire Ohafia villages and other towns such as Abiriba and Nkporo, with its Administrative Headquarters at Ebem Ohafia.[4]
The ancestors of the Ohafia people were renowned as mighty warriors.[4][5] This aspect of the Ohafia peoples' history remains fundamental to the Ohafia people's sense of identity. The knitted warrior's cap or "leopard cap" (Igbo: Okpu agu)[4] is well known and is an associated product of Ohafia. The Ohafia warrior tradition is embodied in the performance of iri agha.[4]
Ohafia is home to the third largest military base in Nigeria, named Goodluck Jonathan Barracks after Nigeria's former President - Goodluck Jonathan. It houses the headquarters of the newly established 14 Brigade and 145 Battalion office complex of the Nigerian Army.
Ohafia encompasses twenty-six villages with population strength ranging between 300,000 and 400,000 as of 2022. And it is at a distance of 50.1 km away from the Capital city Umuahia in Abia State. The villages in Ohafia are: Elu, Ibina (Ihenta), Nde Okala, Nde Anyaorie, Amuma, Amaekpu, Ebem, Nde Amogu, Okagwe, Nde Uduma Ukwu, Oboro, Nde Nku, Nkwebi, Amuke, Asaga, Ndi Uduma Awoke, Amankwu, Nde Ibe, Nde Orieke, Okon-aku, Amangwu, Ufiele, Eziafor, Abia, Akanu and Isiugwu.[6]
The typical temperature in Ohafia Local Government Area is 27 degrees Celsius. With an average humidity of 59 percent, the region experiences two different seasons: the dry season and the rainy season. Ohafia Local Government Area  is located in a region with a tropical savannah climate.[7]
Situated at an altitude of 103.0 meters (337.93 feet) above sea level, Ohafia experiences a Tropical Monsoon climate (Designation: Am). The area's annual temperature averages at 30.82 °C (87.48 °F), which is slightly 1.36% higher than the national averages in Nigeria. Ohafia usually receives approximately 294.96 millimeters (11.61 inches) of rainfall with 284.21 rainy days, accounting for 77.87% of the year.[8]
In Ohafia Local Government Area, trade is a significant economic activity. The region is home to various marketplaces, including the Amavo central market, where a wide variety of goods are bought and sold. The Local Government Area's residents work primarily in agriculture, growing products including yam, cassava, melon, and vegetables there in significant amounts. The residents of Ohafia Local Government Area also work in the fields of food processing, blacksmithing, and wood carving.[7][9]
Villages and Towns.[10]
Germantown High School is a public high school in Germantown, Tennessee, and is part of the Memphis-Shelby County Schools district.[2] Three acres were purchased in 1910, and in 1911 students moved into the new building.
"Germantown correlates to the growth in population in the area. The early settlers built a log schoolhouse in 1833, which was replaced by a two-story building in 1879." - per The Germantown Historic Preservation Association url=https://germantowntnhistory.org/
By 1910, the Shelby County Board of Education had purchased three acres for a new school building serving grades one through twelve, and also in 1911, students moved into the new building with five classrooms and a study hall.[3] Wagonettes pulled by horses or mules were also the common mode transportation at the time, but by 1918, motorized wagonettes were used.
Additional rooms and buildings were added to both sides of a WPA facade in 1918, 1919, 1927, and 1935, for the Germantown Public School.
Germantown High School offers a variety of sports: baseball, basketball, bowling, cross country, football, golf, cheerleading, soccer, softball, swimming, tennis, track and field, volleyball, wrestling, dance, and trap shooting.David O'Hare and Joe Salisbury were the defending champions but lost in the quarterfinals to Dominik Köpfer and Alex Lawson.
Austin Krajicek and Tennys Sandgren won the title after defeating Luke Bambridge and Liam Broady 7–6(7–4), 7–6(7–2) in the final.Alexander Kudryavtsev and Denys Molchanov were the defending champions but chose not to defend their title.
Purav Raja and Divij Sharan won the title after defeating Quino Muñoz and Akira Santillan 6–3, 4–6, [10–8] in the final.
As of 2024, the People's Republic of China has sent three women to space: Liu Yang, Wang Yaping and Wang Haoze all of whom are taikonauts in the People's Liberation Army Astronaut Corps (PLAAC). Liu Yang, China's first female taikonaut, first flew in 2012 aboard Shenzhou 9, and since then four additional missions have included female crew members: Shenzhou 10, 13, 14 and 19. According to the China National Space Administration, many women also hold leadership positions in the Chinese space program, and actively contribute to the Chinese space effort.[1]
China launched its first crewed space mission, Shenzhou 5, in 2003, with a single male taikonaut (Yang Liwei) aboard. Following the mission's success, Gu Xiulian, president of the All-China Women's Federation (ACWF), recommended to the Chinese space program that women should be considered for spaceflight selection. This recommendation was accepted, and was publicly announced in early 2004.[2] Women's integration into the space program necessitated minor changes to the interior design of the Shenzhou spacecraft to accommodate both male and female taikonauts.[2]
Although women were officially allowed to become taikonauts as of 2004, the first Chinese spaceflight with a female crewmember was not launched until 2012.[3] This mission, Shenzhou 9, included taikonaut Liu Yang as Laboratory Assistant, making her the first Chinese woman to fly in space. Shenzhou 9 was launched on 16 June 2012, the 49th launch anniversary of Vostok 6, the first mission to put a woman (Soviet parachutist Valentina Tereshkova) into space.
On 11 June 2013, Shenzhou 10 launched with taikonaut Wang Yaping aboard as Laboratory Assistant, making her the second Chinese woman in space.[4] Wang Yaping became the first Chinese woman to travel to space twice and the first to visit the Tiangong space station in October of 2021, when she launched aboard Shenzhou 13.[5]
Liu Yang would return to space in 2022, flying aboard Shenzhou 14.[6]
In 2024, Lai Ka-ying was the first Hong Kong resident selected for China’s space programme.[7]
Liu Yang became the first female Chinese taikonaut in 2012.[8][9] Throughout her astronautical career, Liu has been awarded the title of “Heroic Astronaut” and received the Third-class Space Service Medal for her work aboard the Shenzhou-9 and Shenzhou-14 missions, respectively.[10]
Showing exemplary academic performance in her formative schooling years, Liu’s professors signed her up in 1997 to attend the People’s Liberation Army’s (PLA) Air Force Aviation University in Changchun to become a pilot.[8][11] Liu excelled in her training flying cargo planes and eventually became the Deputy Head of her flying unit.[11] In May 2010, Yang was approached by the PLA’s taikonaut corps with an offer to join.[9]
Liu flew her first mission aboard the Shenzhou-9 in 2012, during which the three-person crew achieved China’s first crewed docking mission by joining with the Tiangong-1 experimental space station.[8][11][12] On this mission, Liu performed the first manual docking of the flight and was in charge of medical experiments throughout the flight’s duration.[10][9] The taikonauts returned 12 days after takeoff.[10]
After returning to Earth, Liu became a representative in the 13th National People’s Congress and the vice president of the All-China Women’s Federation.[10]
Liu returned to space in 2022 aboard the Shenzhou-14, with the goal of staying on the Tiangong space station for six months to oversee the final portions of construction.[10][11]
Wang Yaping’s space career began in 2013 aboard the Shenzhou-10 where she became the second female taikonaut.[13] During this mission, Wang and her two colleagues successfully docked, undocked, and boarded the Tiangong-1.[13] From the space station, she gave a live-streamed physics lesson to around 80,000 schools, reaching 60 million students and teachers.[13][12] Wang returned to Earth aboard the Shenzhou-10 15 days after takeoff.[13][12]
Wang returned to space on the Shenzhou-13 on 15 October 2021, becoming the first female to live onboard the Tiangong space station.[12] On 8 November 2021, she completed a 6.5 hour spacewalk making her the 16th female astronaut and first female taikonaut to do so.[14] Wang returned to Earth aboard the Shenzhou-13 in April 2022, 182 days after takeoff.[15] Wang and her 2 colleagues set a record for most days in orbit by any Taikonaut.[15]
Wang Haoze was the first  Chinese female taikonaut from Group 3. She flew on Shenzhou 19 in October 2024 and is the only female spaceflight engineer.[16] She was also the first female taikonaut of Manchu ethnicity on space.
According to Jun Lu, Senior Engineer at Beijing Institute of Tracking and Telecommunications Technology and Deputy Chief Designer of BeiDou Grounded Test and Validation System, “[women’s] qualities of being meticulous, dedicated, responsible and their ability to work under high pressure for a long time” allow them to thrive in the field due to the “high risk and long development cycle” of space technology development.[17] However, Chinese taikonaut academies institute more stringent qualifications for female taikonauts than their male counterparts.[18] Due to fears that childbirth and subsequent family obligations would disrupt training for two to three years, taikonaut academies favor women who are married and already have children.[18] Additionally, women are more closely examined for scars, heavy odors, and decayed teeth, as these traits could cause “disaster” in space.[19]
Prior to the launch of Shenzhou 9, Chinese state news agency Xinhua reported a former spaceflight official as claiming that marriage was a requirement for all female Chinese astronauts[20] due to concerns that spaceflight could potentially harm women's fertility[21] and also "married women would be more physically and psychologically mature."[22] However, this requirement has been officially denied by the director of the China Astronaut Centre, stating that this is a preference but not a strict limitation.[23]
When interviewing women taikonauts, the media was more interested in their family lives and female physiology than when interviewing male taikonauts.[24] Questions regarding menstruation are often brought up as well.[24]
Pang Zhihao, a Chinese National Space Administration official, claims women taikonauts should also look their best at all times.[24] He revealed that both Tiangong-1 and Tiangong were stocked with hygiene products and cosmetics during Wang Yaping’s missions.[24] In a video broadcast by China Central Television, he declares that "[f]emale astronauts may be in better condition after putting on makeup”.[24]
A study published in the National Science Review found that women make up a large portion of space engineers working on Chinese missions.[17] The Chinese BeiDou Navigation Satellite System has three Chinese women leading the project as sub-system chief designers, with others filling senior positions such as deputy commanders and deputy chief engineers.[17]
One notable woman working on China’s space program is 24-year-old Zhou Chengyu, the first and youngest female space commander in China.[25] She first began working at the Wenchang site as an operator after she graduated from university at the beginning of 2020 and, by the end of the year, had become the commander of her unit.[25] She worked on the rocket connector system for the Chang’e-5 moon mission, which aimed to collect moon rocks for scientific testing. Chang’e-5 successfully launched in December 2020.[25] Zhou went viral on social media for her accomplishments, with many users calling her a "frontline soldier in the field of aerospace" and a "big sister".[26]
Updated as of November 8, 2023.
[29]
The Hilberry Gateway is a performing arts center on the campus of Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan. The complex is the home of theatre and jazz performances presented by the Maggie Allesee Department of Theatre and Dance, succeeding the Bonstelle Theatre and incorporating the renovated Hilberry Theatre.
The project was in planning as early in 2010, and received funding in 2018. The theater opened with the Maggie Allesee Department of Theatre and Dance production of Cabaret in April 2023.[1][2]
The Hilberry Gateway succeeds two earlier performance venues in Midtown Detroit, the Bonstelle Theatre and the Hilberry Theatre. Both venues were built as houses of worship in the early 20th century, and converted to theaters decades later. Scenic and costume shops were located in a separate facility, complicating the logistics of productions in both theaters. The university also highlighted the Hilberry Theatre's uncomfortable seating and climate controls in its planning for the new performance venues.[3]
Design work on the complex began in 2016. The university's Board of Governors approved $65 million in funding for the project in 2018 after over eight years of planning. The facility was initially expected to open in fall 2022.[3]
The 550-seat proscenium theater features a 3,200 sq ft (297 m2) stage, with a sprung floor for dance performances, and an orchestra lift for musicals. The theater opened in April 2023 with a production of Cabaret.[4][2]
The 250-seat, 50 by 60 ft (15 by 18 m) black box theater is the most flexible performance space in the complex. The space features a tension grid for flexibility in configuring overhead equipment.[2]
The Studio Theater opened in May 2023 with the Sarah Ruhl adaptation of Orlando.[5]
The Gretchen C. Valade Jazz Center is the oldest portion of the complex, as a major renovation of the existing Hilberry Theatre. The Valade Jazz Center will be a 350-seat performance hall, featuring revised acoustics, seating, and support spaces. The Valade Jazz Center is named after the late Gretchen C. Valade, longtime patron of the Detroit Jazz Festival, and major supporter of the Hilberry Gateway construction.[2]
The building was constructed as the First Church of Christ, Scientist in 1917 in the Roman Ionic style, and is a contributing property to the Wayne State University Buildings historic district.[6] The building's life as a theatre began when the university purchased the building in 1961, reopening it in 1964 with a repertory season of four plays by William Shakespeare. The Hilberry closed in 2022, after 58 years, with a production of The Merry Wives of Windsor.[7]
The 22,800 sq ft (2,120 m2) Production Wing houses fully-equipped costume, scenic, lighting, and properties shops, a design studio, dressing rooms, and offices. The Production Wing is located behind the proscenium theater's stage, with direct connections to the black box theater. The Production Wing replaces an offsite scenic and costume shop at 95 West Hancock St.[8]
An integral part of the project was the relocation of the historic David Mackenzie House, the residence of the university's first president. The relocation was accomplished in 2019 over the course of three days, moving the house to another location on the same block.[9]
The newly constructed portions of the complex were built using precast concrete to accommodate the logistical challenges of building on the site.[10]
Salmon Gargoyle is an outdoor 1987 sculpture by Wayne Chabre, installed in 1988 on the University of Oregon campus in Eugene, Oregon, in the United States. The hammered copper head of a salmon with Kwakiutl Indian representation on its sides, built on a stainless steel frame, measures approximately 5 feet (1.5 m) x 3 feet (0.91 m) x 8.5 feet (2.6 m). It was surveyed and deemed "treatment needed" by the Smithsonian Institution's "Save Outdoor Sculpture!" program in March 1993. The sculpture is administered by the University of Oregon.[1]

This article about a sculpture in Oregon is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Tempestry Project is a collaborative fiber arts project that presents global warming data in visual form through knitted or crocheted artwork. The project is part of a larger "data art" movement and the developing field of climate change art, which seeks to exploit the human tendency to value personal experience over data by creating accessible experiential representations of the data.
Tempestries are made by knitting or crocheting rows in specified colors that represent respective high temperatures each day for a year. Multiple works are typically displayed together to show change over time. The project began in 2017 in Anacortes, Washington, US, and has since spread throughout the country and around the world.
The word "tempestry" is a portmanteau of "temperature" and "tapestry."
The first tempestry was created using 2016 data from the Naval Air Station on Whidbey Island, Washington.[1] Emily McNeil, Marissa Connelly, and Justin Connelly, having read about climatologists trying to preserve climate research data in preparation for anticipated removal of such data from US government websites by the Trump administration, were "joking" that "we should return to more concrete forms of data storage."[1]
In January 2017 McNeil,[2] Marissa Connelly[3] and Justin Connelly founded the project in Anacortes, Washington[4] to encourage other fiber artists to produce "striking visuals that communicate changes at an intimate, local scale."[5] According to Justin Connelly, "The science articles talk about what's happening at the poles. For many people, that's not their experience and so they don't relate to it in a powerful way...but even here [outside Seattle], in a temperate place, you can see stark change over the last 40 years or so. It puts it in their backyard."[5] The project name is a portmanteau of the words "temperature" and "tapestry."[5]
The organization offers kits including yarn, instructions, and a data sheet of daily temperatures in a given location. In 2017 they sold 40 kits and in 2018, 500.[1] The 2018–19 United States federal government shutdown temporarily affected production for the US, as the  National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) restricted access to the databases used to provide historical weather data for the United States.[6]
The concept was inspired by a similar fiberwork concept called a "temperature blanket", an afghan- or bedspread-sized project commemorating a particular year by working stripes or bands of colors representing each day's high or low temperature for a year.[5][7][8]
As of December 2018 projects had been created by fiber artists in nearly every U.S. state and in 20 other countries.[2]
Each tempestry is knitted or crocheted, one row each day,[9] in the specified color for each date's high temperature[3] starting on January 1 and ending on December 31 for a given year in a single location to form a banner the size of a scarf[3][10] that graphically represents a year of daily high temperatures in a single location.[2][11][12]
Colors for each five-degree temperature range are standardized and temperature data is collected from the NOAA[13] so that collected displays of work by different artists working in different locations and on different years can be interpreted as direct comparisons.[5]
Because gauge is different between crochet vs. knitting, for different knit stitches, and among different crafters, finished tempestries will vary in length and width depending on whether they're created by the same crafter using the same stitch or are created by different crafters using a variety of stitches. Some crafters' gauge varies, and two works created even by a crafter with a very stable gauge using the same stitch will inevitably vary slightly.[14]
Tempestry banners are typically hung vertically, the first row (representing January 1) at the bottom and the final row (December 31) at the top, in groupings of two or more to show how daily high temperatures have changed year-to-year in a given location.[2][12]
Project pieces were first publicly displayed in Anacortes, Washington.[2] In 2018 projects were displayed at the Museum of Northwest Art[15]  and at the Creative Climate Awards in New York City.[5][16] In May 2019 a project consisting of 27 tempestries representing 100 years on Orcas Island in 4-year increments was displayed at the Pacific Northwest Quilt and Fiberarts Museum.[17]
In 2020 pieces were displayed at the San Juan Islands Museum of Art[18] and at Temple University's Ginsberg Health Sciences Library.[19]
In 2019 a group of US knitters organized a National Park Tempestry Project, inviting crafters to create a tempestry for 2016 – the year of the National Park Service Centennial – and one for the earliest year for which data was available for each US National Park.[6][18]
In 2019 the Schuylkill Center for Environmental Education [Wikidata] near Philadelphia organized a project using data provided by the Franklin Institute to create tempestries for the city, one for every fifth year from 1875 through 2018.[1] Crafters in Mexico City organized a similar project.[1]
According to data journalist David McCandless, tempestries and similar creations are part of a larger data art movement in which data is represented in novel ways.[20] Grace Ebert, writing for Colossal, calls such projects "part of a larger movement to document micro weather changes that may serve as indicators of broader climate issues."[21][22] Electronic literature writer and scholar, Anastasia Salter, uses Tempestry scarves to illustrate the fusion of craft and computation in procedural electronic literature.
[23]
Faculty at North Central Michigan College produced a similar exhibit in 2018 inspired by The Tempestry Project.[24][25] Pennsylvania State University professor Laura Guertin contributed a poster to the American Geophysical Union's 2017 Fall meeting displaying similar works for January through April 1917, 1967, and 2017.[26]
Some fiber artists have created banners similar to tempestries, but using daily low temperatures.[3]
Other artists and scientists are experimenting with climate change art as a way to overcome humans' hardwired tendency to value personal experience over data and to disengage from data-based representations[27] by making the data "vivid and accessible".[28][21] In 2018, artist Xavier Cortada's project Underwater Home Owner's Association placed signs in front yards throughout Miami, Florida indicating each property's height above sea level to illustrate what sea level rise would flood that property.[27][29]
In 2016, Ed Hawkins, a climate scientist at the National Centre for Atmospheric Science and the University of Reading, created "climate spirals," an animated series of circular data representations of climate change, and followed in 2018 with "warming stripes", a series of colored stripes representing chronologically ordered temperatures.[27][31]
In 2015, University of Georgia marine scientist Joan Sheldon produced a scarf illustrating average yearly temperature from the 1600s to the present using one row per year.[32]
In 2012, filmmaker Jeff Orlowski made Chasing Ice, documenting photographer James Balog's Extreme Ice Survey, which uses time-lapse photography to show the disappearance of glaciers over time.[28]
In 2007, artist Eve Mosher used a sports-field chalk marker to draw a blue "high-water" line around Manhattan and Brooklyn, showing the areas that would be underwater if climate change predictions are realized. Her HighWaterLine Project has since drawn high-water lines around Bristol, Philadelphia, and two coastal cities in Florida.[28]
In 2005, the Knitting Map, a European Capital of Culture project in Cork, Ireland, recorded the city's daily temperatures and citizen walking patterns to create a "fiber representation of the city."[6]
Sarah-Marie Belcastro uses knitting to explore mathematics, such as knitting a "non-orientable surface of genus 5".[33] Pat Ashforth and Steve Plummer call these types of data artists "mathekniticians".[34]Mong Ping (Burmese: မိုင်းပြင်းမြို့) is a town and seat of Mong Ping Township in Mongsat District, Shan State in eastern Myanmar.[2] The town was not the capital of Mongping State in the Lawksawk area.
Mong Ping lies in a narrow valley about 60 km west of Kengtung. The entirety of the Mong Ping area is mountainous with high ranges running roughly in a north–south direction. The 1,831 m high Loi Wengwo mountain overlooks the narrow Mong Ping valley from the western side.[3]

This Myanmar location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.José Camarón Bonanat, or Bononat (18 May 1731, Segorbe - 14 July 1803, Valencia) was a Spanish draftsman, painter and engraver. Most early sources give his maternal family name as Boronat.
His father, Nicolás Camarón [es], was a sculptor and gave him his first art lessons. Later, in Valencia, he continued his studies with his uncle, Mosén Eliseo Bonanat (1697-1761), who created portrait miniatures, and with the painter, Miguel Posadas, who was also a Dominican friar. In 1752, he relocated to Madrid to complete his studies. Initially, he devoted himself to miniatures, landscapes, and copies of the Baroque masters, such as Titian, Rubens and Murillo.
In 1754, he returned to Valencia, where he participated in an exhibition at the newly created Academia de Bellas Artes de Santa Bárbara, and was named a Professor there. He maintained his contacts with Madrid, however, and was accepted as an honorary member of the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando in 1762. Shortly after, he was among the founders of the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Carlos de Valencia where, upon the death of Cristóbal Valero, he became the Director of Painting. From 1796 to 1801, he served as General Director. He resigned, following several trips to Madrid to treat his eyes for an unspecified ailment.
He was a friend of the jurist and writer, Francisco Pérez Bayer, who commissioned him to decorate the church of Saint Thomas of Villanova, which was under construction in Benicàssim; a project that occupied him from the late 1760s until 1776. He also participated in creating a major cycle of paintings at the Basilica of San Francisco el Grande, Madrid.
Also notable are the altarpieces at Valencia Cathedral and the frescoes he began at Segorbe Cathedral in 1800. They were unfinished when he died, and were completed by his son, Manuel, in 1806. Despite his focus on religious works, his genre scenes, in Rococo style, are his best known, as well as the illustrations he designed for a 1777 edition of Don Quixote.
He was married to Juliana Meliá in 1758, and they had five children. In addition to Manuel, his eldest son, José Camarón y Meliá [es], also became a painter.
Media related to José Camarón Bonanat at Wikimedia CommonsGwynllyw Filwr or Gwynllyw Farfog (Welsh pronunciation: [ˈɡwɪnɬɪu]), known in English in a corrupted form as Woolos the Warrior or Woolos the Bearded (Latin: Gundleus, Gundleius or Gwenleue; c. 450 – 500 CE) was a Welsh king and religious figure.
He was King of Gwynllŵg in South Wales and is the legendary founder and patron saint of the City of Newport, living in the 5th century. According to medieval tradition, he was a feared warlord and lifestock raider who was acquainted with the mythical King Arthur, but later encountered religion and became a hermit, founding St Woolos Cathedral in Newport. He was the father of one of the most revered of Welsh saints, Saint Cadoc the Wise.
The medieval lives of Saint Cadoc (c. 1100) by Lifris[2] and of Saint Gwynllyw (c. 1120)[3] preserve fabled details of Gwynllyw, though specifics frequently differ. He is also noted in Welsh king lists. The aforementioned descriptions of Gwynllyw note that his deeds were celebrated by Welsh bards, indicating he had a widespread popular following. Although saints' lives frequently exaggerate, it does seem likely that a monarch of this name existed. A core element in such narratives may contain some elements that are historically accurate.
Gwynllyw was the son of King Glywys, whose powerful kingdom of Glywysing was centred on Glamorgan. It is debatable where the north-west border was, but the prevailing conclusion among historical accounts and historians is the course of the River Loughor from Black Mountain (near Talgarth), i.e. the current border between Carmarthenshire and Swansea. Gwynllyw was a descendant of Macsen Wledig according to some accounts, while his mother Guaul was equally distinguished, being the granddaughter of Cunedda. The kingdom was split on Glywys' death amongst his sons, of whom Gwynllyw was the eldest and most powerful, and he was overlord over the others. The centre of his domain was the cantref of Gwynllwg; named after him, and to be later known in English as Wentloog hundred. One of Gwynllyw's brothers was Saint Petroc, an important Cornish, and Breton saint, and patron saint of Devon.
Narratives of Gwynllyw portray him as an active and merciless warrior who attacked and raided nearby kingdoms. The Life of Saint Cadoc describes him as "very partial to thieves, and used to instigate them somewhat often to robberies" but the Life of Saint Gwynllyw insists he was a just and fair ruler.[4] These raids included attacking his northern neighbour Brycheiniog.
In one such raid, described in Life of Saint Cadoc, Gwynllyw led some 300 men to abduct King Brychan of Brycheiniog's beautiful daughter Gwladys (Gladys), as Brychan had refused to let him marry her. She was one of Brychan's famous twenty-four children. A pitched battle ensued, arrested only by the intervention of Cai and Bedwyr, supporting Gwynllyw and his warriors, and assisted allegedly by the fabled King Arthur. This tale of abduction resembles elements in the tale Culhwch and Olwen and other Arthurian stories, suggesting it originated in bardic stories. Among the various hagiographies, this, the Life of Saint Cadoc, is the earliest reference to the legendary Arthur. According to the Life of Saint Gwynllyw this battle seems never to have occurred; the marriage contracted amicably.
Gwladys soon had a son, the celebrated Saint Cadoc. To mark his son's birth Gwynllyw went on another raid, stealing cattle from Caerwent. When Saint Tathyw approached courageously, to demand the return of a cow, the king was so impressed he decided in response to send his son to Tathyw to be educated at Caerwent. Gwynllyw reputedly had other children, also saints: Cynidr, Bugi and Egwine. Bugi was married to Peren, daughter of King Lleuddun Llyddog of Lothian.[5] One, Maches (Latin: Machuta), the sister of Cadoc according to tradition, was killed by robbers stealing her finest ram. Tathan, to whom the murderers confessed their crime, built a church on the spot.[6]
Once grown, Cadoc was deeply religious. According to some sources, it was his example and preaching that persuaded Gwynllyw to abandon his life of violence and to seek forgiveness for his sins. King Gwynllyw is said to have had a dream in which an angel spoke to him, and he saw a vision of a white ox with a black spot high on its forehead. The story goes that Gwynllyw set out, and when he saw the ox of his dream he founded a hermitage there, on what is now Stow Hill in Newport, South Wales, which he built out of wood. Of this spot Gwynllyw said "There is no retreat in the world such as in this space which I am destined now to inhabit. Happy therefore is the place, happier then is he who inhabits it."[3]  Gwynllyw's decision to abandon his kingship and retire to a religious life seems to have been a common theme amongst Welsh saints. Even his violent past was not unusual, being shared by Saint Illtyd amongst others.
Gwladys accompanied Gwynllyw into a hermit's life, and for a while they lived an ascetic life together on Stow Hill, fasting, eating a vegetarian diet, and bathing in the cold waters of the Usk, winter and summer alike. Apparently, this was preceded and followed at night-time by a mile-long walk in the nude. A miraculous fountain started on the hill when Gwynllyw prayed for water. This heroic asceticism was tempered when Cadoc persuaded his parents to separate. Gwladys founded her own hermitage at Pencarn.
When Gwynllyw was dying he was attended both by his son Cadoc and by Saint Dyfrig, who administered the last sacrament to him.
The traditional date of his death, 29 March, is the day dedicated to him. The year of his death is uncertain; suggestions include 500 and 523.
Following Gwynllyw's death his hermit cell became an important shrine, and a church was built there. This is now St Woolos Cathedral, the seat of the Bishop of Monmouth. Gwynllyw's church was rebuilt in stone in the 9th century, a sign of his importance and the wealth of his shrine; at that time stone buildings were unusual in Wales. Incorporated at the west end of the current cathedral, the Galilee Chapel, or St Mary's Chapel, is part of this original building.
Gwynllyw's cult grew as a series of miracles were attributed to him. His fountain at Stow Hill healed those who drank from it, and angels were seen near his tomb. A later miracle included the protection of a bard from flood waters.
No weight should be attached to there having been any mystical basis for a Viking fleet's destruction at sea after they had plundered the church, containing offerings for Gwynllyw's intercession.[7] Similarly, a man's having been supernaturally driven mad after stealing from Gwynllyw's church is mere fancy.[3]
Devotion to Gwynllyw clearly became ubiquitous, not only among the Welsh, but among Saxons and Normans who came to live in the Newport area. The Norman Lords of Newport[8][9] continued to enlarge the church – a process that has continued up to the present day.
Stories of Gwynllyw's dark past later included tales of piracy and claims that his ships, based in the Uskside parish of Pillgwenlly that bears his name, caused terror across the Bristol Channel.[10] One tradition asserts that this background meant Gwynllyw was the patron saint of choice for Welsh pirates and smugglers including Sir Henry Morgan. Certainly the many sailors based in Newport would have known of him. Another local story claims that Gwynllyw forcibly baptised the population of Gwynllwg by the sword.[11]
In 1949 St Woolos Church became a full cathedral and, besides churches, the saint is remembered today through St Woolos Hospital, St Woolos Primary School and in 1988 a Welsh language school, Ysgol Gyfun Gwynllyw, was set up in Pontypool.
The vision of an ox inspired the sculpture by Sebastien Boyesen called The Vision of Saint Gwynllyw or The Bell Carrier, finished in 1996 and found in central Newport today.[12]Bryan James Sutherland MBE (born 1950) is a British former engineer. For fifty years, he was in charge of operating the world's shortest scheduled airline flight, Loganair's two-minute-long Westray to Papa Westray route in Orkney, Scotland.[1]
He is the airline's longest-serving employee,[2] having worked for Loganair between 1967 and his 2017 retirement.[1]
Sutherland joined Loganair on 17 July 1967,[2] five years after the airline's formation.[3] Beginning in Kirkwall, he spent a few years in Glasgow before returning to Orkney. He was then asked to set up the airline's base in the Outer Hebrides in 1975. He returned to Orkney permanently in 1978.[3]
He planned to retire at the age of 65, but stayed on for two more years to achieve the fifty-year milestone.[3]
Sutherland is married to Dorothy, with whom he has two daughters: Tracey and Lianne.[3]
He was awarded an MBE in the Queen's 2018 New Year Honours.[3] His nomination was submitted by Liam McArthur, member of the Scottish Parliament for the Orkney Islands.[4]Le Moule 2nd Canton is a former canton in the Arrondissement of Pointe-à-Pitre on the island of Guadeloupe. It had 8,363 inhabitants (2012).[1] It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It comprised part of the commune of Le Moule,[1] which joined the new canton of Le Moule in 2015.[2]
16°20′03″N 61°20′56″W﻿ / ﻿16.3343°N 61.3490°W﻿ / 16.3343; -61.3490

This Guadeloupe location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Maurino is the name of several rural localities in Russia:Posta is a village in the municipality of Pirna, in Saxony, Germany. It was incorporated into Pirna in 1922. It consists of Niederposta (Lower Posta) and Oberposta (Upper Posta). The place was mentioned for the first time in 1417.[1] It is situated on the right bank of the river Elbe, northeast of Pirna town centre.
50°57′55″N 13°57′30″E﻿ / ﻿50.96528°N 13.95833°E﻿ / 50.96528; 13.95833

This Sächsische Schweiz-Osterzgebirge location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Tungari mascordi is a species of mygalomorph spider in the Barychelidae family. It is endemic to Australia. It was described in 1994 by Australian arachnologist Robert Raven. The specific epithet mascordi honours photographer and amateur arachnologist Ramon Mascord (1913–1983).[1][2]
The species occurs on Horn Island, off the northern tip of the Cape York Peninsula of Far North Queensland, in open sclerophyll forest habitats. The type locality is Horn Island.[1][2]

This Barychelidae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Deccan sultanates is a historiographical term referring to five late medieval to early modern Indian kingdoms on the Deccan Plateau between the Krishna River and the Vindhya Range that were created from the disintegration of the Bahmani Sultanate[1][2] and ruled by Muslim dynasties: namely Ahmadnagar, Berar, Bidar, Bijapur, and Golconda.[3] The five sultanates owed their existence to the declaration of independence of Ahmadnagar in 1490,[4] which was followed by Bijapur and Berar in the same year. Bidar became independent in c. 1492,[5] and Golconda in 1512.[6]
Although the five sultanates were all ruled by Muslims, their founders were of diverse origins: the Nizam Shahi dynasty, the ruling family of the Ahmadnagar Sultanate, was founded by Malik Hasan Bahri, a Deccani Muslim of Brahmin origin;[7] the Berar Sultanate by a Kannadiga Hindu Brahmin slave brought up as a Deccani Muslim;[8][9] the Bidar Sultanate was founded by a Georgian slave;[10] the Bijapur Sultanate was founded by a foreigner who may have been a Georgian slave purchased by Mahmud Gawan;[11] and the Golconda Sultanate was of Iranian Turkmen origin.[12][13]
All the Deccan sultanates based their legitimacy as the successor states of the Bahmani Sultanate, and continued to use Bahmanid coins rather than issue their own coins.[14] Although generally rivals, the sultanates did ally with each other against the Vijayanagara Empire in 1565, permanently weakening Vijayanagara in the Battle of Talikota. Notably, the alliance destroyed the entire city of Vijayanagara, with important temples being razed to the ground.
In 1574, after a coup in Berar, Ahmadnagar invaded and conquered it. In 1619, Bidar was annexed by Bijapur. The sultanates were later conquered by the Mughal Empire: Berar was stripped from Ahmadnagar in 1596; Ahmadnagar was completely taken between 1616 and 1636; and Golconda and Bijapur were conquered by Aurangzeb's 1686–87 campaign.[15]
The Ahmadnagar Sultanate was founded by Malik Ahmad Nizam Shah I, who was the son of Nizam ul-Mulk Malik Hasan Bahri, who was prominent in Bahmanid politics as the leader of the Deccani Muslim party at the court.[16] Nizam-ul-Mulk Bahri was a military slave, formerly a Hindu Brahmin from Vijayanagar originally named Timapa who converted to Islam, although the Brahmin lineage might have been a genealogical topos rather than fact, which, along with military training, Persian education and conversion by patronage, was meant to share with the origin of the Bahmanid dynasty.[17][18] He became the regent of Muhammad Shah Bahmani after the former had devised the execution of Mahmud Gawan.[9]: 189 [19][20] As the head of the Sunni Deccani party, Nizam-ul-Mulk lead the wholescale massacre of the Shia foreigners, especially the Turks and Georgian population in Bidar, by the orders of the Bahmani Sultan.[21][22] After the politically charged murder of Nizam-ul-Mulk Bahri, and frustrated with the weakened Bahmani Sultan and the factionalised administration at Bidar, the outrated son, Ahmad Nizam Shah, the governor of Junnar,[3] defeated the Bahmani army led by general Jahangir Khan on 28 May 1490, declared independence and established dynastic rule over Ahmadnagar.[23] The territory of the sultanate was located in the northwestern Deccan, between the sultanates of Gujarat and Bijapur. Initially, his capital was in Junnar. In 1494, the foundation was laid for the new capital of Ahmadnagar. Malik Ahmed Shah, after several attempts, secured the fortress of Daulatabad in 1499.
After Malik Ahmed Shah's death in 1510, his son Burhan, a boy of seven, was installed in his place. In 1538, under the influence of Shah Tahir, an Imam, he would establish Nizari Shi'ism as the state religion. Burhan Shah I died in Ahmadnagar in 1553. He left six sons, of whom Hussain succeeded him. After the death of Hussain Shah I in 1565, his son Murtaza (a minor) ascended the throne. While Murtaza was a child, his mother, Khanzada Humayun Sultana, ruled as a regent for several years. Murtaza Shah annexed Berar in 1574. On his death in 1588, his son Miran Hussain ascended the throne; but his reign lasted only a little more than ten months, as he was poisoned. Ismail, a cousin of Miran Hussain was raised to the throne, but the actual power was in the hands of Jamal Khan, the leader of the Deccani group in the court. He led the massacre of foreign nobles at Ahmadnagar, causing all the Persian nobles to flee and take service at Bijapur, including the historian Firishta himself.[24][25]
"There were massacres (qatl-e 'ām) twice in the city, in the course of which not a single person from abroad was left alive. The killing spree lasted for three days. Good people like learned men and traders, who had assembled here in this period, were all slain, and their houses were destroyed."
Jamal Khan also enforced the Mahdawi religion on the state. He was killed in the battle of Rohankhed in 1591 and soon Ismail Shah was also captured and confined by his father Burhan, who ascended the throne as Burhan Shah II. He reinstated Shia Islam as the state religion. After the death of Burhan Shah, his eldest son Ibrahim ascended the throne. Ibrahim Shah died only after a few months in a battle with the Bijapur Sultanate. Soon, Chand Bibi, the aunt of Ibrahim Shah, proclaimed Bahadur, the infant son of Ibrahim Shah, as the rightful Sultan; and she became regent. In 1596, a Mughal attack led by Murad was repulsed by Chand Bibi.
After the death of Chand Bibi in July 1600, Ahmadnagar was conquered by the Mughals, and Bahadur Shah was imprisoned. But Malik Ambar, and other Ahmadnagar officials, defied the Mughals and declared Murtaza Shah II as sultan in 1600 at a new capital, Paranda. Malik Ambar became prime minister and vakīl-us-saltanat of Ahmadnagar.[26] Later, the capital was shifted first to Junnar and then to a new city called Khadki (later Aurangabad). After the death of Malik Ambar, his son Fath Khan surrendered to the Mughals in 1633 and handed over the young Nizam Shahi ruler Hussain Shah, who was sent as a prisoner to the fort of Gwalior. In a last stand, Shahaji, with the assistance of Bijapur, placed an infant scion of the Nizam Shahi dynasty, Murtaza, on the throne but acted as regent. In 1636, Aurangzeb, the Mughal viceroy of Deccan, finally annexed the sultanate to the Mughal empire, after defeating Shahaji.
The Berar Sultanate was founded by Fathullah Imad-ul-Mulk, who was born a Kannadiga Hindu, but was captured as a boy by Bahmani forces, which were on an expedition against the Vijayanagara empire, and reared as a Muslim.[9] In 1490, during the disintegration of the Bahmani Sultanate, Imad-ul-Mulk, then governor of Berar, declared independence and founded the Imad Shahi dynasty of the Berar Sultanate. He established the capital at Achalpur (Ellichpur), and Gavilgad and Narnala were also fortified by him.
Upon his death in 1504, Imad-ul-Mulk was succeeded by his eldest son, Ala-ud-din. In 1528, Ala-ud-din resisted the aggression of Ahmadnagar with help from Bahadur Shah, Sultan of Gujarat. The next ruler of Berar, Darya, first tried to ally with Bijapur, to prevent the aggression of Ahmadnagar, but was unsuccessful. Later, he helped Ahmednagar on three occasions against Bijapur. After his death in 1562, his infant son Burhan succeeded him; but early in Burhan's reign Tufal Khan, one of his ministers, usurped the throne. In 1474, Murtaza I, Sultan of Ahmadnagar, annexed Berar to his sultanate. Burhan, Tufal Khan, and Tufal's son Shamshir-ul-Mulk, were taken to Ahmadnagar and confined to a fortress where all of them subsequently died.[28]
Bidar was the smallest of the five Deccan sultanates. The Sultanate was founded by Qasim Barid I,[29] who was Georgian enslaved by Turks.[30] He joined the service of Bahmani ruler Mahmud Shah Bahmani (r. 1482–1518) as a sar-naubat (commander), and later became a mir-jumla (governor) of the Bahmani Sultanate. In 1492, he became de facto ruler of Bahmani, although Sultan Mahmud Shah Bahmani remained as the nominal ruler.
After Mahmud Shah Bahmani's death in 1504, his son Amir Barid controlled the administration of the Bahmani Sultanate. In 1528, with the flight of the last Bahmani ruler, Kalimullah, from Bidar, Amir Barid became practically an independent ruler. Amir Barid was succeeded by his son Ali Barid, who was the first to assume the title of shah. Ali Barid participated in the Battle of Talikota and was fond of poetry and calligraphy.
The last ruler of the Bidar Sultanate, Amir Barid Shah III, was defeated in 1619, and the sultanate was annexed to the Bijapur Sultanate.[31]
Located in southwestern India, straddling the Western Ghats range of southern Maharashtra and northern Karnataka, the Bijapur Sultanate was ruled by the Adil Shahi dynasty from 1490 to 1686. The founder of the dynasty, Yusuf Adil Shah, may have been a Georgian slave[32] who was purchased by Mahmud Gawan.[33] Other historians mentioned him of Persian[34] or Turkmen origin.[35][36] Yusuf was originally a provincial governor of the Bahmani Sultanate; in 1490, he attained de facto independence.[37] In 1510, a Portuguese colonial expedition succeeded in conquering the Adil Shahi port of Goa.[38] Ismail Adil Shah, Yusuf's son, and his successors embellished the capital at Bijapur with numerous monuments.[citation needed]
Ibrahim Adil Shah I switched to a Deccani Muslim identity, and converted strongly to Sunni Islam, the religion of the Deccani Muslims.[39] He deviated from the traditions of his predecessor and introduced many innovations in the political and religious policies, discontinuing previous Shia practices and restoring the exercise of the Sunni Islamic practices.[40][41][42] He degraded most of the Afaqi (foreign) faction (with a few exceptions), and in their place enrolled the Deccani Muslims to services. Consequently, he brought Sunni Muslims to power and ended Shia domination by dismissing them from their posts[43][44]
The Adil Shahis fought the Vijayanagara Empire, which lay to the south, across the Tungabhadra River, but fought the other Deccan sultanates as well. Four of the five sultanates combined forces to decisively defeat Vijayanagara at the Battle of Talikota in 1565. After the battle, the empire broke up, and Bijapur seized control of the Raichur Doab. In 1619, the Adil Shahis conquered the neighbouring sultanate of Bidar, which was incorporated into their realm.
Later in the 17th century, the Marathas revolted successfully under Shivaji's leadership, captured major parts of the sultanate, and its capital, Bijapur. The weakened sultanate was conquered by Aurangzeb in 1686 with the fall of Bijapur, bringing the dynasty to an end.
The dynasty's founder, Sultan Quli Qutb-ul-Mulk, migrated to Delhi from Persia with some of his relatives and friends in the beginning of the 16th century. Later he migrated south to the Deccan and served the Bahmani Sultan Mohammed Shah I. Quli Qutb-ul-Mulk conquered Golconda and became the governor of the Telangana region in 1518, after the disintegration of the Bahmani sultanate. Soon after, he declared his independence and took the title of Qutb Shah.
The dynasty ruled for 175 years, until the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb's army besieged and conquered Golconda in 1687.
The rulers of the Deccan sultanates made a number of cultural contributions in the fields of literature, art, architecture, and music.
An important contribution was the development of the Dakhani language, which, having started development under the Bahamani rulers, developed into an independent spoken and literary language during this period by continuously borrowing from Arabic-Persian, Marathi, Kannada, and Telugu. Dakhani later became known as Dakhani Urdu to distinguish it from North Indian Urdu.
Deccani miniature painting—which flourished in the courts of Ahmadnagar, Bijapur, and Golconda—is another major cultural contribution of the Deccan sultanates.[47]
Architectural splendors of the Deccan such as Charminar and Gol Gumbaz belong to this period. A number of monuments built by the Deccan Sultanates are on a tentative list for nomination as a UNESCO World Heritage Site.[48]  The religious tolerance displayed by the Nizam Shahi, Adil Shahi, and Qutb Shahi rulers is also worthy of mention.
The Nizam Shahi rulers of Ahmadnagar enthusiastically patronised miniature painting, the earliest surviving of which are found as the illustrations of the manuscript Tarif-i-Hussain Shahi (c. 1565), which is now in the Bharat Itihas Sanshodhak Mandal, Pune. A miniature painting of Murtaza Nizam Shah (c. 1575) is in the Bibliothèque Nationale of Paris, while another one is in the Raza Library in Rampur. The Running Elephant is in an American private collection, the Royal Picnic is in the India Office Library in London, and the Young Prince Embraced by a Small Girl, most likely belonging to the Burhan Nizam Shah II period, is in the Edwin Binney 3rd Collection of South Asian Works in the San Diego Museum of Art.[49]
The earliest notable architecture of the Nizam Shahi rulers of Ahmadnagar is the tomb of Ahmad Shah I Bahri (1509), at the centre of Bagh Rouza, a garden complex.[3] The Jami Masjid also belongs to the same period. The Mecca Masjid, built in 1525 by Rumi Khan, a Turkish artillery officer of Burhan Nizam Shah I, is original in its design. The Kotla complex was constructed in 1537 as a religious educational institution. The impressive Farah Bagh was the centrepiece of a large palatial complex completed in 1583. Other monuments in Ahmednagar of the Nizam Shahi period are the Do Boti Chira (tomb of Sharja Khan, 1562), Damri Masjid (1568), and the tomb of Rumi Khan (1568). The Jami Masjid (1615) in Khirki (Aurangabad) and the Chini Mahal inside the Daulatabad fort were constructed during the late Nizam Shahi period (1600–1636). The tomb of Malik Ambar in Khuldabad (1626) is another impressive monument of this period. The Kali Masjid of Jalna (1578) and the tomb of Dilawar Khan (1613) in Rajgurunagar also belong to this period.[50][51]
During the reign of Ahmad Shah I Bahri, his keeper of imperial records, Dalapati, wrote an encyclopedic work, the Nrisimha Prasada, where he mentioned his overlord as Nizamsaha. It is a notable instance of the religious tolerance of the Nizam Shahi rulers.[52]
The ruined palace of Hauz Katora, 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) west of Achalpur, is the only notable surviving Imad Shahi monument.[53]
The main architectural activities for the Barid Shahi rulers were building garden tombs. The tomb of Ali Barid Shah (1577) is the most notable monument in Bidar.[54] The tomb consists of a lofty domed chamber, open on four sides, located in the middle of a Persian four-square garden. The Rangin Mahal in Bidar, built during the reign of Ali Barid Shah, is a complete and exquisitely decorated courtly structure. Other important monuments in Bidar from this period are the tomb of Qasim II and the Kali Masjid.[55]
An important class of metalwork known as Bidriware originated in Bidar. This metalwork consists of a black metal, usually a zinc alloy, inlaid with intricate designs in silver, brass, and sometimes copper.[56]
The Adil Shahi rulers contributed greatly to architecture, art, literature, and music, as Bijapur developed into a cosmopolitan city under their rule and attracted many scholars, artists, musicians, and Sufi saints from Rome, Iran, Iraq, Turkey, and Turkestan. The Adil Shahi kings were known for their tolerance towards Hindus and non-interference in their religious matters. They employed Hindus to high posts, especially as officers overseeing accounts and administration, whose documents were maintained in Marathi.
Amongst the major architectural works in the Bijapur Sultanate, one of the earliest is the unfinished Jami Masjid, which was begun by Ali Adil Shah I in 1576. It has an arcaded prayer hall, with fine aisles, and has an impressive dome supported by massive piers. One of the most impressive monuments built during the reign of Ibrahim II was the Ibrahim Rouza which was originally planned as a tomb for queen Taj Sultana, but was later converted into the tomb for Ibrahim Adil Shah II and his family. This complex, completed in 1626, consists of a paired tomb and mosque. Ibrahim II also planned to construct a new twin city to Bijapur, Nauraspur, whose construction began in 1599 but was never completed. The greatest monument in Bijapur is the Gol Gumbaz, the mausoleum of Muhammad Adil Shah, which was completed in 1656, and whose hemispherical dome measures 44 metres (144 ft) across. The other important architectural works from this period are the Chini Mahal, the Jal Mandir, the Sat Manzil, the Gagan Mahal, the Anand Mahal, and the Asar Mahal (1646), all in Bijapur, as well as the Kummatgi (16 kilometres (9.9 mi) from Bijapur), the Panhala Fort (20 kilometres (12 mi) from Kolhapur), and Naldurg Fort (45 kilometres (28 mi) from Solapur).[57]
Persian artists of the Adil Shahi court have left a rare treasure of miniature paintings, some of which are well preserved in Europe's museums. The earliest miniature paintings are ascribed to the period of Ali Adil Shah I. The most significant of them are the paintings in the manuscript of Nujum-ul-Ulum (Stars of Science) (1570), kept in the Chester Beatty Library in Dublin, which contains about 400 miniature paintings. Two other illustrated manuscripts from the period of Ali Adil Shah I are Jawahir-al Musiqat-i-Muhammadi in the British Library, which contains 48 paintings, and a Marathi commentary of Sarangadeva's Sangita Ratnakara kept in the museum of City Palace, Jaipur, which contains 4 paintings. But the most miniature paintings come from the time of Sultan Ibrahim Adil Shah II. One of the most celebrated painters of his court was Maulana Farrukh Hussain. The miniature paintings of this period are preserved in the Bikaner Palace, the Bodleian Library in Oxford, the British Museum and Victoria and Albert Museum in London, the Muśee Guimet in Paris, the Academy of Sciences in St. Petersberg, and the Náprstek Museum in Prague.[58]
Under the Adil Shahi rulers many literary works were published in Dakhani. Ibrahim Adil Shah II himself wrote a book of songs, Kitab-i-Nauras, in Dakhani. This book contains a number of songs whose tunes are set to different ragas and raginis. In his songs, he praised the Hindu goddess Sarasvati along with Muhammad and Sufi saint Khwaja Banda Nawaz Gesudaraz. A unique tambur (lute) known as Moti Khan was in his possession. The famous Persian poet laureate Muhammad Zuhuri was his court poet. The Mushaira (poetic symposium) was born in the Bijapur court and later travelled north.
Qutb Shahi rulers appointed Hindus in important administrative posts. Ibrahim Quli Qutb Shah appointed Murari Rao as Peshwa, second to only Mir Jumla (prime minister).
One of the earliest architectural achievements of the Qutb Shahi dynasty is the fortified city of Golconda, which is now in ruins. The nearby Qutb Shahi tombs are also noteworthy.[46] In the 16th century, Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah decided to shift the capital to Hyderabad, 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of Golconda. Here, he constructed the most original monument in the Deccan, the Charminar, in the heart of the new city.[46] This monument, completed in 1591, has four minarets, each 56 metres (184 ft). The construction of the Mecca Masjid, located immediately south of the Charminar, was started in 1617, during the reign of Muhammad Qutb Shah, but completed only in 1693. The other important monuments of this period are the Toli Masjid, Shaikpet Sarai, Khairtabad Mosque, Taramati Baradari, Hayat Bakshi Mosque, and the Jama Masjid at Gandikota.[59]
The Qutb Shahi rulers invited many Persian artists, such as Shaykh Abbasi and Muhammad Zaman, to their court, whose art made a profound impact on the miniature paintings of this period. The earliest miniature paintings were the 126 illustrations in the manuscript of Anwar-i-Suhayli (c. 1550–1560) in the Victoria and Albert Museum. The illustrations Sindbad Namah in the India Office Library and Shirin and Khusrau in the Khudabaksh Library in Patna most probably belong to the reign of Ibrahim Quli Qutb Shah. The 5 illustrations in a manuscript of the Diwan-i-Hafiz (c. 1630) in the British Museum, London, belong to the reign of Abdullah Qutb Shah. The most outstanding surviving Golconda painting probably is the Procession of Sultan Abdullah Qutb Shah Riding an Elephant (c. 1650) in the Saltykov-Shtshedrine State Public Library in St. Petersberg.[60] Their painting style lasted even after the dynasty was extinct and evolved into the Hyderabad style.
The Qutb Shahi rulers were great patrons of literature and invited many scholars, poets, historians and Sufi saints from Iran to settle in their sultanate. The sultans patronised literature in Persian as well as Telugu, the local language. However, the most important contribution of the Golconda Sultanate in the field of literature is the development of the Dakhani language. Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah was not only a great patron of art and literature but also a poet of a high order. He wrote in Dakhani, Persian, and Telugu and left an extensive Diwan (collection of poetry) in Dakhani, known as Kulliyat-i-Muhammad Quli Qutb Shah. Apart from the praise of God and the Prophet, he also wrote on nature, love and contemporary social life. Kshetrayya and Bhadrachala Ramadasu are some notable Telugu poets of this period.[61]
The Qutb Shahi rulers were much more liberal than their other Muslim counterparts. During the reign of Abdullah Qutb Shah, in 1634, the ancient Indian sex manual Koka Shastra was translated into Persian and named Lazzat-un-Nisa (Flavors of the Woman).[62]
Lorne Campbell 'Bob' Abernethy (4 March 1900 – 1 May 1969) was an Australian rules footballer who played with Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).[1]
In March 1942, two and a half years after the outbreak of the Second World War, Abernethy enlisted in the Australian Army.[2] Serving as a private, he was discharged on 1 October 1945.[2]

This Australian rules football biography of a person born in 1900 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Omloop Het Nieuwsblad, previously Omloop Het Volk, is a one-day road cycling race in Belgium, held annually in late February.[1] It is the opening event of the Belgian cycling season, as well as the first race of the year in Northwestern Europe, and holds significant prestige because of it.[2] Since 2017, the race is part of the UCI World Tour, cycling's top-tier professional events.[3][4]
The race starts in Ghent, Flanders and finishes in Ninove, Flanders.[5] The race route covers the hills in the Flemish Ardennes, marking the start of the cobbled classics season in Europe. Due to its early calendar date, it is characterized by often cold weather, coming as a contrast to the early-season stage races in the Middle East and Southern Europe.[6] The day after the Omloop, Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne completes the opening weekend. The race is named after the newspaper sponsoring the event – Het Volk from 1947 to 2009, and Het Nieuwsblad from 2009 to present.
Since 1950, Omloop Het Nieuwsblad U23, a race for under-23 men has been held on the same day as the men's race.
Since 2006, a women's edition of Omloop Het Nieuwsblad is held on the same day as the men's race, also starting in Ghent and finishing in Ninove, approximately 130 kilometres in distance. Both events are organized by Flanders Classics.[7] Since 2023, the race is part of the UCI Women's World Tour.[3][4]
First held in 1945, the race was called Omloop van Vlaanderen ("Circuit of Flanders"). The event was initiated by Flemish newspaper Het Volk, in response to rivaling newspaper Het Nieuwsblad's classic, the Tour of Flanders. Het Volk, of left-leaning publication, wanted to start a new cycling event in Flanders as a rival race to what it saw as the Tour of Flanders' closeness to the Nazis during World War II.[a][11] The Ronde's organizers protested that the name was too close to their own – there is little semantic difference between "Ronde" and "Omloop". The Belgian cycling federation demanded Het Volk to change the name of the event, prompting Het Volk to serve as title sponsor of their own race.[12][13] In 2009 the former rival newspapers Het Volk and Het Nieuwsblad merged, causing the event to be renamed Omloop Het Nieuwsblad for its 64th edition.[b][14] Until 2016, Omloop Het Nieuwsblad was ranked as a 1.HC event of the UCI Europe Tour; since 2017, it is included in the UCI World Tour.[3]
Due to its early-season calendar date, the race has occasionally been affected by cold and wintry conditions.[6] Three editions of the event were cancelled. The 1971 race was postponed due to snow and run three weeks later. In 1986 and 2004 organizers were forced to cancel the race, as snow and freezing temperatures had made the route too dangerous and riders' safety could not be guaranteed.[15][16][17] (* NB. Rider safety can never be "guaranteed") In modern times, organizers rely heavily on weather forecasts and adjust the course if some sectors are deemed unsafe. Unrelated to the weather, the 1960 race was cancelled following a disagreement between the organizers and cycling's ruling body UCI.[c]
Traditionally the opening event of the Belgian cycling season, the race holds particular importance for Belgian cyclists. Throughout its history, Belgian riders, comfortable with cold weather and aided by large, supportive crowds, have dominated the race. Belgians have won 56 editions, although, exemplary for the growing international status of the race, they have only won four of the last ten editions. In 1948 Italian cycling icon Fausto Coppi won the race, but was disqualified for receiving an illegal wheel-change.[d]
The record for wins is three, shared by Joseph Bruyère, Ernest Sterckx and Peter van Petegem. Bruyère holds the fastest average (43.35 km/h) for his 1975 win. Other notable winners include Eddy Merckx, Roger De Vlaeminck, Freddy Maertens, Johan Museeuw, Philippe Gilbert and Thor Hushovd.
Omloop Het Nieuwsblad starts in Ghent, East Flanders, and addresses the Flemish Ardennes in the south of the province, featuring numerous short climbs, before returning to Ghent.[18] From 1996 until 2007 the finish was in Lokeren, 20 km east of Ghent.
At 200 kilometres and with 13 climbs in the hill zone, the course is challenging and arduous. Additionally, there are several flat stretches of cobbles.[6] Despite annual changes, some of the regular climbs in the Omloop are the Leberg, Berendries, Taaienberg, Muur van Geraardsbergen, Eikenberg and Molenberg. Due to its hilly course in the Flemish Ardennes, the race is similar in nature to the Tour of Flanders, and is often used in preparation for the bigger event five weeks later. The 2016 race featured one new climb, Boembekeberg, as a replacement for the Molenberg, which was skipped because of road works.[18] This was reversed for the 2017 race.
Both the official start and finish are traditionally on Ghent's largest square, Sint-Pietersplein. Every seven years however, when Easter comes early in the year, the square is booked for the annual Mid-Lent fair and organizers need to find different locations. In 2016 and 2017, the Citadel city park, next to the Kuipke velodrome, served as start location. The finish was on the Emile Clauslaan thoroughfare, near the starting place.[19]
The following riders have won the race:[20]
Riders in italics are active
Since 2006 there is a women's version of the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. Held on the same day as the men's event, it uses much of the same roads and equally opens the women's cycling season in Northern Europe. Recent editions of the race have been around 125 kilometres (78 mi) in length, featuring eight climbs and six sections of cobbles.[21] The race became part of the UCI Women's WorldTour in 2023. As of 2024[update], Dutch riders Suzanne de Goede, Anna van der Breggen and Annemiek van Vleuten and Sweden's Emma Johansson have won the race twice.
An edition of the race for under-23 men has been held since 1950.
Government Degree College, Kargil is the government general degree college in Kargil,[1] in the union territory of Ladakh, India. It offers undergraduate courses in Science, Commerce and Arts. The college is affiliated to the University of Ladakh.[2]Mohammadabad-e Nilchi (Persian: محمدابادنيلچي, romanized: Moḩammadābād-e Nīlchī), also known as Moḩammadābād,[1] is a village in Aliabad Rural District, in the Central District of Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 22, in 8 families.[2]
This Taft County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Albert  "Tub" Paul Epperly (May 7, 1918 – April 14, 2003) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played in nine games for the Chicago Cubs in 1938.[1] While he was with the Cubs, Epperly wore uniform number 56, had eight at-bats, two hits, one double, and two runs. He pitched five games for the Brooklyn Dodgers in 1950 wearing number 11 on his jersey. He worked for the sheriff's office in Scott County, Iowa from 1954 to 1984.[1] He died at the age of 84, in McFarland, Wisconsin, where he lived with his daughter,[1][2] and is buried in Davenport Memorial Park, Davenport, Iowa.

This biographical article relating to an American baseball pitcher born in the 1910s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Chicago-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
First Sentier Investors, formerly known as Colonial First State Global Asset Management in Australia and First State Investments elsewhere, is a global asset management business that manages US$146.2 billion (as at 31 December 2022) in assets managed on behalf of institutional investors, pension funds, wholesale distributors, investment platforms, financial advisers and clients worldwide. First Sentier Investors provides active, specialist investment capabilities managed by a group of independent investment teams. They take a long-term approach to investment with a focus on preserving capital and performance through market cycles.
In August 2019, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation acquired the business from the Commonwealth Bank. The company operates as a standalone global investment management business, with offices across Asia, Australasia, Europe and North America.[1][2]
In October 2018, Mark Steinberg became CEO.[3] From 2000 until 2019, Colonial First State Global Asset Management was part of the Commonwealth Bank's Wealth Management Division. On 2 August 2019, Mitsubishi UFJ Trust and Banking Corporation acquired the business.[4] First Sentier retained its sub-brands Realindex Investments, FSSA Investment Managers, and Stewart Investors.[3] In June 2019, women held 22% of the investment roles at the company, and 27% of senior leadership roles.[3] In late 2019, the company rebranded from Colonial First State Global Asset Management to First Sentier Investors in Australia, while continuing to use the First State Investments brand globally.[5] In September 2019 CFSGAM officially launched the rebrand to First Sentier Investors (FSI), with $222.7 billion in assets under management as of 30 June 2019.[6] In September 2020, First State Investments also rebranded to First Sentier Investors, with the company for the first time using the same brand name both in Australia and globally.[5]
First Sentier invested in an infrastructure fund operated by Korea Investment & Securities in Seoul in September 2020, with the local investment firm Kiwoom Asset Management an underlying manager.[7] In October 2020, it bought states in several electrical plants in the United Kingdom.[3] In November 2020, the company was the second largest asset manager in Australia behind Macquarie Group. It had operations in nine countries, with 17 investment teams, including an office in New York.[3] In December 2021, First Sentier Investors purchased two Queensland solar farms, including the Gretel solar portfolio. They were added to Atmos Renewables, an investment company that First Sentier owned through its Global Diversified Infrastructure Fund.[8] By the beginning of 2022, Atmos had also acquired several other First Sentier acquisitions, including wind farms in Australia[8] in October 2020, for A$285 million from John Laing Group.[3] Sentier owned the French heating operator Coriance in late 2022 and was considering selling it for as much as $1.5 billion, according to Bloomberg.[9] At the start of 2023, First Sentier Investors was managing $134 billion in assets.[10]
The company is based in Sydney, Australia.[11]
First Sentier Investors operates as a standalone business governed by a Board of Directors.
It has assets under management of US$134 billion as of 2023.[10]
First Sentier Investors includes full ownership of FSSA Investment Managers, Stewart Investors, Realindex Investments,[3] and Igneo Infrastructure Partners.
First Sentier Investors has been a signatory to the United Nations' Principles for Responsible Investment since 2007[12][13] and produces an annual report.[14]
This bank, insurance, or other financial services corporation article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Eulogy of King Narai is a poem in Thai, composed during the reign of King Narai (1656–1688). It is a major example of the Thai genre of royal panegyrics. The identity of the author is uncertain. The poem relates the key events of the reign, the king’s power, his palace at Lopburi, the beauties of the forest, and an elephant hunt.
Eulogy of King Narai (Thai: โคลงเฉลิมพระเกียรติสมเด็จพระนารายณ์มหาราช), Khlong chaloem phrakiat somdet phra narai maharat, is a poem in Thai. The poem was probably composed in the early 1680s as no event after 1680 is mentioned in the text.[1] As with most old Thai literature, the author is not identified. Some authorities attribute authorship to Luang Si Mahosot,[2] while others including Winai Pongsripian[3] favour Phra Maharatchakhru, a head of the Brahman department, and author of several other poetic works.
The royal panegyric is a prominent genre in Thai poetry, possibly influenced by the Praśasti genre in Sanskrit. Praise of the king is a large element in Yuan Phai, a 15th-century war poem. The first work framed and titled specifically as a royal panegyric was the Eulogy of King Prasat Thong about King Narai’s father and predecessor.
King Narai (1656–1688) is best known for his involvement with the British and French in the later part of his reign.[4][5] This poem dates before the climax of that involvement. It portrays Narai as the ruler of a powerful and flourishing Ayutthaya Kingdom. It describes his power stretching in all four directions, the grandeur of his palace at Lopburi, the beauty of the forest, and the excitement of an elephant hunt.[6][7]
The poem was first printed in 1925 on the instigation of Princess Nabhabhorn Prabha
(Thai: พระเจ้าบรมวงศ์เธอ พระองค์เจ้านภาพรประภา กรมหลวงทิพยรัตนกิริฎกุลินี), a daughter of King Mongkut.[2]
An English translation by the Thai historian, Dhiravat na Pombejra, was published in 2015.[6][7]
The poem has 78 four-line verses composed in khlong si suphap (Thai: โคลงสี่สุภาพ), the refined version of the khlong form.
1: Invocation of the Hindu gods, Shiva, Brahma, Vishnu.
2–15: Important events: receipt of a white elephant; military campaign to Chiang Mai and acquisition of the Phra Phuttha Sihing image; homage from Ava, Champa, Cambodia, and Kedah; suppression of rebellion in Songkhla.
16–25: Description of the royal palace in Lopburi including the Dusit Prasat Hall, Chanthraphisan Hall, gardens, and the piped water system.
26: Happiness of the kingdom
๏สมบูรณ์พูลเกษตรล้วน	เกษมสุข
สมเสพย์สโมสรสนุก	เรื่อยหล้า
สำเภาเพียบบรรทุก	ทรัพย์มาก มานา
สมบัติพัสถานกล้า	กลาดด้วยสมภาร ฯ

 The fields are more bountiful, bringing contentment to all
 who live together happily throughout the whole kingdom.
 Junks come filled with various precious goods,
 people's property and possessions are secure and all prosper through His Majesty's accumulated merit. (v. 26)[8]
27–41: Lyrical description of the king visiting the forest, describing trees, flowers, aquatic life, birds, and animals; allusion to the Than Kasem and Satchaphan Hill, visited on pilgrimages to the Buddha footprint at Phra Phutthabat
42–64: Elephant hunt: initial ceremonies; the king releases a captured cow elephant; corralling a large herd; description of the king’s mount; selection of the best captured elephants; the king rewards the hunters and officials with money and garments; return to the city.
๏เสนาเนืองไพร่พร้อม	อึดอึง
ส้าวแซ่เสียงบืนผึง	ป่าก้อง
แจจรรโจษพลหึง	แหนรอบ
ตีจรขาบขับร้อง	โห่เร้ารุกราญ  ฯ

 The commanders and their retainers together make a resounding noise.
 The sound of gunfire intermittently echoes in the forest.
 The shouts and commands of the men surrounding the elephants are confusingly deafening,
 while the sound of beating clappers accompanies the men's morale-boosting cries upon approaching the herd. (v.53)[9]
65–78: Invocations, asking for blessings from the major and minor Hindu gods and goddesses.
The two earlier Thai eulogies, Yuan Phai[10] and the Eulogy of King Prasat Thong are largely historical accounts of the reign. The Eulogy of King Narai is more thematic in style. It includes a lyrical celebration of the beauty of the forest, a common topic for Thai poets but something not found in the earlier eulogies. It celebrates the piped water system in the Lopburi palace, a touch of innovation. The longest section is an account of an elephant hunt. King Narai is believed to have spent much of the year at Lopburi because he could hunt elephants and tigers nearby. He built an elephant enclosure and a hunting lodge at Thale Chupson on the outskirts of the city. A poem of lullabies for elephants is believed to have been composed during his reign.[11]
The conventional invocations at the start and end of the poem mention several Hindu gods, but make no reference to Buddhism. Scholars have wondered whether this reflected the king’s conflict with the monkhood.[12][13][14]
Second wave
Second wave
Second wave
The 2018–2019 Omani protests were nationwide protests and rallies in which tens of thousands of protesters marched against skyrocketing unemployment and inflation in the Sultanate of Oman. These protests were part of a larger series of anti-government protests in several Arab countries, known as the 2018-2022 Arab Protests. Over a 13-month period between January 2018 and January 2019, Omani citizens went out into the streets on several occasions to rally against decisions made by their government, whilst demanding more employment opportunities as well as economic reforms.
In the afternoon of Monday the 22nd of January 2018, a large group of Omani citizens began to gather outside the Ministry of Manpower in Muscat.[1] As the crowd grew bigger, protesters reportedly started shouting chants such as: 'we want jobs' and 'we are tired of waiting'.[2] As riot police stood on guard, several of the young unemployed protesters demonstrating against the lack of job opportunities were invited into the Ministry building to discuss their grievances with officials.[3]
Exactly one week later, on January 29, protesters gathered once again in the Omani capital. This time, demonstrations spread to provincial cities Salalah and Sur.[4] Protesters' demands mainly targeted the lack of job opportunities within the Sultanate as well as the high unemployment rate, with the national rate being estimated at 15% nationally and over 30% for young people the year before.[5]
Numerous arrests were made by riot-police in the Southern Dhofar governorate in January 2018, with protesters reportedly being released that same day.[6]
In response of the nationwide protests, the Omani government announced that it would be creating 25 thousand jobs over the next six months, that were to be filled by Omani nationals only.[6] Furthermore, Oman's Minister of Manpower Abdullah bin Nasser al-Bakri stated that the recruitment of expatriate labor to certain professions would be restricted during that same period.[6] In total, Oman banned the issuance of new visas for expatriate workers in 87 private sector professions and increased the fees for sponsoring expatriate employees.[7] As promised, it also managed to create 25 thousands public sector jobs for its citizens.[8]
Unrest resurfaced in the Sultanate of Oman towards the end of 2018. In december, thousands of protesters rallied against economic hardship and once again requested more job opportunities. Protests reached the cities of Muscat, Sohar, Sur and Salalah and were composed mostly of recent graduates and unemployed youth.[9] Within certain professions, strikes were reported throughout the country.[9]
On January 1, 2019, renewed protests broke out in Oman's biggest cities: Muscat and Salalah. People in the streets protested high unemployment rates and austerity measures adopted by the regime to compensate for decreasing oil prices.[9]  These measures involved cutting government spending on subsidies by over OMR500 million (approx. USD1.3bn) in 2015-2016.[9] In previous years, the Omani government capped the price of regular petrol; diesel and super petrol remained linked to international crude oil prices. Similar public demonstrations had taken place in Oman in 2015 after transportation fuel prices were indexed to international market prices.[10]
The demonstrations that took place in early January 2019 triggered a swift response by the Omani government. Existing visa-bans for expatriates that were installed after the 2018 protests were extended. On January 6, the Omani government announced that it would establish a new body to alleviate the employment-crisis.[11] The so-called National Center for Employment was created to help Omanis to navigate the national labor market.[12] As a result, protests and strikes came to an end on January 9, 2019.
Polices responses to the late 2018 protests were reported to have been excessive at times, with some people being arrested immediately upon their arrival to the protest site.[13] Some protesters reportedly were being released quickly, whereas for others that has remained unclear.[14] Over the course of 2018, at least 30 people protesting unemployment were arrested and later released in Oman.[15] In 2019, police forces detained two radio journalists from Hala FM who were covering an unemployment protest in Muscat.[16] Police also reportedly forced social media users at the protest to delete the photos and videos which they had taken.[17]Grand Falls (French: Grand-Sault) is a town in northwestern New Brunswick, Canada, on the Saint John River. Its name comes from a waterfall created by a series of rock ledges over which the river drops 23 metres (75 ft).
On 1 January 2023, Grand Falls expanded to include Drummond, the rural community of Saint-André, the local service district of the parish of Grand Falls, and part of the LSD of the parish of Drummond.[2][3] Revised census figures have not been released.
In 1686, Monsignor de Saint-Vallier (of Quebec) was the first known person to mention in writing the magnificent falls for which Grand Falls is named. His words describing the area can be found on a monument erected at the mouth of Davis Park in 1986. He recounts his trip to the region in 1686. He writes: "On May 16 we arrived at a place called Grand Sault St-Jean-Baptiste. Here the river falls madly from a height of 60 feet, forming a huge waterfall that thick fog envelops the tumult of the falls far warns mariners descended in canoes. It also notes the presence of some French settlers in the region. In 1695, the territory between Grand Falls and Médoctec was granted the manor in Sieur Rene D'Amours. The French missionaries, Récollets, visited Great Falls in 1691 and Antoine de Lamothe Cadillac mentioned the presence of a fort in 1693. The latter was used to supply the passengers, who became more numerous from the Seven Years' War.
In 1763, the region fully passed into British hands and its French population diminished due to the Expulsion of the Acadians. In 1783, the Loyalists settled in Acadia and the province of New Brunswick was created the next year. In 1785, the Acadians in Fredericton and nearby were evicted from their land and in June 1785, a group decided to establish the region of Grand Falls and the rest of Madawaska and this with the agreement of the Maliseet people.
In 1791, Thomas Carleton, then Governor of New Brunswick, built a fort at Grand Falls. The Madawaska region was then disputed between Quebec, New Brunswick and the United States. The War of 1812 showed that the area's roads were not safe and in 1875, the colonial government of New Brunswick decided to build a road from Woodstock to Grand Falls. In 1816, the government gave a grant to two settlers to settle between Grand Falls and Presque Isle. The territorial differences culminated in the Aroostook War in 1838 and Webster–Ashburton Treaty in 1842, gave Grand Falls to the province of New Brunswick. In 1838, James Brown and George Hayward visited Grand Falls and mentioned the presence of a sawmill owned by John Caldwell staffed by French Canadians and Acadians. In 1840, Lieutenant Cavalié Mercer, an Englishman stationed in Woodstock, made the first paintings of the city. In 1842, Grand Falls was included in Colebrook Township, named in honour of the Governor of New Brunswick, William MacBean George Colebrooke. The first survey was done for the British army in 1844 by the Deputy Gordon, while Colonel Beckwith designed the town plan. The survey was made from a large elm to the west, which has now disappeared. The lots were in turn divided into 1847 by the engineer C. Inches.
In 1904, Van Morrell, originally from the State of Maine, crossed the falls on a tightrope. The ring to which this rope was attached can still be found in O.B Davis Park
Grand Falls is located in the valley of the Saint John River, south of Madawaska, 55 kilometres southeast of Edmundston, on the Canada–United States border.
Grand Falls is located at the north-west of Victoria County. The eastern part of the town, located on the left bank of the river is actually in the county of Madawaska, not to be confused with the eponymous region. Aroostook County, Maine is located to the west. Grand Falls is adjacent to St. André to the north, and the parish of Drummond to the east.
Grand Falls has a humid continental climate (Köppen Dfb) with vast seasonal differences and being cold for the latitude.
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Grand Falls had a population of 5,220 living in 2,495 of its 2,639 total private dwellings, a change of -2% from its 2016 population of 5,326. With a land area of 18.04 km2 (6.97 sq mi), it had a population density of 289.4/km2 (749.4/sq mi) in 2021.[1]
Religious make-up (2001)[6]
Income (2015)[7]
Mother tongue (2016)[8]
Education (2016)[9]

Grand Falls stands as the most bilingual town in Canada at 78.5% speaking English and French and is only one of two municipalities in Canada with an official bilingual name.  The other is Greater Sudbury. (fr: Grand-Sudbury)
Three main industries reside in Grand Falls: potato farming, potato processing (The McCain frozen food plant) and tourism. The town is also a local commercial centre for Victoria County, catering to the surrounding communities of Plaster Rock, Perth Andover, Blue Bell, and New Denmark.
Tourism centres around the Saint John River’s falls and gorge located in the centre of town. Two tourist attractions line the river; the Malabeam Information Centre and La Rochelle. The Malabeam Centre faces the falls and is across the Grand Falls Farmers Market located on Madawaska Road. Through La Rochelle, you may access the 75-metre gorge via stairwell, which contains 401 steps. Near this location, you will find the Falls and Gorge Campground, which provides access to the Camel's back, an impressive rock formation. All of these sites can be visited by following a 1.6KM walking path with the option of a guided tour that can be scheduled with the Malabeam Information Centre.
The falls are also home to the Grand Falls Generating Station which provides electrical power by use of a hydro electric dam completed in 1931, and provides 66 MW of electricity through four Francis turbines.[10]
Among the main activities located in Grand Falls, one can visit the Grand Falls Golf Course, the Grand Falls Marina, the Grand Falls Museum, the Farmer’s Market (Summer)/ Drummond Farmers Market (Winter), numerous camp grounds, and the Grand Falls Airport (www.grandfallsaviation.com). The town of Grand Falls has also acquired an arena, the E & P Sénéchal Centre. The multi-purpose 1200+ heated seat arena opened in late August 2009. The town also has a cross-country ski club, Kahoutek Ski and Mountain Biking Club, a dragon boating club with many kilometers of groomed trails adjacent to the Golf Club and the E.P. Senechal Centre.
There are many outdoor activities you can do in Grand Falls such as zip lining by the gorge and waterfalls, kayaking, canoeing, or boating along the Saint John river.
Most tourist-centric locations are only opened during the tourist season.
Every year the town celebrates its Regional Potato Festival. This event coincides with the end of June and beginning of July, during the Canada Day weekend. It includes a Broadway block party, a bistro with live entertainment, fireworks, and several other events.
The Grand Falls Public Library began as a small group of readers forming the Literary Club founded by Senator Muriel McQueen Fergusson. Members campaigned in 1948 to establish a formal library and the Grand Falls Public Library officially opened its doors for the first time on April 20, 1949. The library was housed in a small building located on Broadway Boulevard where now stands the Dari Delite Ice Cream Store and was once the old Post Office. In 1950, it then relocated further down the boulevard to the Anita Lagace building, which currently houses LP Godbout Insurance. In June 1972, the library moved a third time to the New Brunswick Electric Power Commission building. It also became incorporated into the Haut-Saint-Jean Library Region in the very same year. In August 1983, the library moved from Broadway Boulevard to the Masonic Hall on the corner of Sheriff and Church Street. Since January 1999, the Grand Falls Public Library has been located on Pleasant Street in the municipal building and it is still part of the Haut-Saint-Jean Library Region, one of the five regions of New Brunswick Public Library Service.
John Caldwell School's first building, a two-story structure, was built on the site of the John Caldwell School in 1909. In 1951, a brick building was built on the same lot. It housed the industrial shops, gymnasium and home economics facilities. It was named the Grand Falls Composite High School. A wing was built in 1966, and in 1969 the name was changed to the John Caldwell School. In 1982, the original wooden building was demolished leaving only the new structure. In 1971, the school became a Junior High School and in 1981 it became the Junior-Senior High School for the anglophone students of the area with Richard Michaud serving as principal from 1966 to 1991. Major expansion began in 1989 to include the English elementary students making it a K-12 facility. Kevin Harding is the current principal.
Grand Falls is serviced by the French daily L'Acadie Nouvelle of Caraquet and the English-language daily Telegraph-Journal of Saint John. The weekly bilingual La Cataracte/Victoria Star is published in the town. The French bi-weekly publication Journal Le NordOuest is available on-line and distributed to more than 5000 members. The French weekly L'Étoile of Dieppe is also distributed, and Tri-Weekly Bugle-Observer and the weekly Carleton Free Press, both published in Woodstock .The Piaggio P.9 was an Italian single-engined strut-braced high-wing cabin monoplane, designed and built by Piaggio as a tourer for the civil market.[1] The wood-built two-seat P.9 was first flown in 1929, powered by a 75 hp (56 kW) Blackburn Cirrus II piston engine.[1]
Data from [1]Illustrated Encyclopedia of Aircraft
General characteristics
Performance

This article on an aircraft of the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pirrit Hills (81°17′S 85°21′W﻿ / ﻿81.283°S 85.350°W﻿ / -81.283; -85.350) is an isolated group of rocky peaks and nunataks about 7 nautical miles (13 km) in extent, lying southward of the Ellsworth Mountains, between the Heritage Range and Nash Hills. The feature was positioned by the U.S. Ellsworth-Byrd Traverse Party in December 1958. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for John Pirrit, a glaciologist with the traverse party who had wintered at Ellsworth Station. Pirrit was scientific leader at Byrd Station in 1959.

This Ellsworth Land location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Singles '96–'06 is an anthology of the Belgian band Hooverphonic's singles. It compiles single versions of tracks from all of the band's previous albums. Two-disc editions include a DVD collecting all the corresponding music videos and a complete concert.


This 2000s trip hop album-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Coalition for Democratic Change (CDC) is a political alliance in Liberia.
The alliance was certified by the National Elections Commission on 29 December 2016 to contest the 2017 general elections.[1] The coalition initially consisted of the Congress for Democratic Change, National Patriotic Party and the Liberia People's Democratic Party.[2] It nominated George Weah, leader of the Congress for Democratic Change, as its presidential candidate. Weah was elected President in the second round of voting with 61.5% of the vote, while the CDC won 21 of the 73 seats in the House of Representatives.
For the 2023 general election the coalition expanded to also include, beyond the original members, the Union of Liberian Democrats, the United People's Party, the Change Democratic Action and the Movement for Economic Empowerment.[3]Haataja is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:


Maxwell James Russell (born 4 September 1940) is an educator and former political figure in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.[1] He represented Lewisporte in the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly from 1971 to 1975 and from 1982 to 1989 as a Progressive Conservative.[2]
He was born in Lewisporte, the son of William Stewart Russell and Blanche Burt, and was educated there and at Memorial University.[1] He taught school in Comfort Cove and Lewisporte. Russell married Mary Buffett. Before entering provincial politics, Russell served on the town council for Lewisporte. He was defeated when he ran for reelection to the House of Assembly in 1975. From 1977 to 1982, he was personnel manager for the Newfoundland and Labrador Housing Corporation. Russell was speaker for the House of Assembly from 1972 to 1975 and from 1982 to 1985. He served in the provincial cabinet as Minister of Consumer Affairs and Communications and as Minister of the Environment. Russell retired from politics in 1989.[2]

This article about a Newfoundland and Labrador politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
New Heart (Korean: 뉴하트; RR: Nyu Hateu) is a 2007 South Korean television series, starring Ji Sung, Kim Min-jung, Cho Jae-hyun and Lee Ji-hoon. Directed by Park Hong-kyun and written by Hwang Eun-kyung, it aired on MBC from December 12, 2007 to February 28, 2008 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:55 for 23 episodes.[1]
New Heart is a drama about heart surgeons who work in the thoracic surgery department of the fictional Kwanghee University Hospital.
Lee Eun-sung (Ji Sung) graduated from a newly established medical school in the provinces. He applies for a residency program the hospital and has high hopes of becoming a great doctor, despite his poor performance academically. Nam Hye-suk (Kim Min-jung) graduated at top of her medical school and is the first person to achieve perfect scores.
Eun-sung and Hye-suk's characters are opposites. Eun-sung is impulsive and compassionate, but lacks sound medical practice.  Hye-suk is calculating and cold, but has a brilliant mind. They both must prove themselves to the new head of the Department of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery, Choi Kang-guk (Cho Jae-hyun). He believes only a very specific kind of person is capable of being a cardiothoracic surgeon. Although he is a medical genius, he is stubborn and refuses to maintain the status quo and abide by hospital policies. Eun-sung and Hye-suk are the only applicants for the cardiothoracic residency positions at Kwanghee University Hospital. Dr. Choi is forced to accept them whilst attempting to restore the reputation of the cardiothoracic department of the hospital.
Famous actor Lee Dong-gwon (Lee Ji-hoon) is admitted into the hospital for cardiac arrhythmia. He immediately falls in love with Hye-suk, who was his classmate from elementary school. A love triangle develops as Dong-gwon becomes jealous when he observes the developing relationship between Eun-sung and Hye-suk.
Nantahala Regional Library is the oldest regional library in North Carolina and one of the first regional libraries formed in the United States. Its headquarters is in Murphy, North Carolina. The library has branches in Cherokee, Clay, and Graham counties.[1]
The board of directors consists of nine members (three from each county) serving six-year terms. The library is funded by local governments. In fiscal year 2023-24, the library received approximately $463,000 in county funding, $367,000 in state funding, and $303,000 in municipal funding.[2]
The Nantahala Regional Library was founded May 1, 1937, when the Murphy Library Board entered into a contract with the Tennessee Valley Authority to provide library services at the construction site of Hiwassee Dam. The first regional librarian was hired at that time. The NRL started operation in the Carnegie library building in downtown Murphy.[1]
As the dam project neared completion, citizens voted to provide library support through local taxes. On November 14, 1940, libraries in nearby Hayesville, Andrews, and Robbinsville joined the regional library system. The system has also offered a bookmobile since its inception. The branches in Hiwassee Dam and Fontana have since closed.[3]
When the NRL outgrew Murphy's Carnegie library, it moved to space in the Murphy school until that building burned down. NRL offices then moved to the basement of the Carnegie library until the building partially collapsed during nearby excavation work. The NRL then returned to a school campus space until returning to the Carnegie building in November 1963.[1]
In 1967, Clay County's library moved into a new building on Sanderson Street downtown after a large donation from the Fred A. Moss family. The library was renamed Moss Memorial Library and the facility has been expanded and renovated multiple times since its construction.[4]
On May 16, 1976, the NRL moved to its current headquarters in a shared building when the present Murphy Public Library opened downtown. The building was designed by architect Eric Townson and cost approximately $467,600.[5] In September 2001 the building was renovated and NRL offices moved upstairs.[1]
In 2022, the Nantahala Regional Library joined the N.C. Cardinal system, which allows all public libraries in the state to share materials with each other when requested by patrons. That boosted the system's access from 100,000 physical items to 7.8 million.[6]KLH Audio is an American audio electronics company based in Noblesville, Indiana.[2] Originally founded in 1957 as KLH Research and Development Corporation in Cambridge, Massachusetts, the company takes its name from the initials of its founders: Henry Kloss, Malcolm S. Low, and Josef Anton Hofmann.
The original aim of the company was to design and produce loudspeakers in speaker enclosures.[3]  KLH had sales of $17 million, employed over 500 people and sold over 30,000 speakers a year before it was sold to Singer Corporation in 1964.[4] In 1970, KLH became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Electro Audio Dynamics (EAD) of Great Neck, New York.[4] EAD moved KLH's headquarters to Canoga Park, Los Angeles, in 1980.[4]
Japanese conglomerate Kyocera acquired KLH in 1982,[5] and production was shifted overseas. Kyocera later decided to stop manufacturing audio products, and sought a buyer for the KLH brand. In 1989, KLH was acquired by Wald Sound of Sun Valley, Los Angeles.[5]
In 2003, Sony filed a lawsuit against KLH (then Lavcon, Inc., trading as KLH Audio Systems) asserting copyright infringement of a Sony home theater system.[6]
In January 2017, Kelley Global Brands bought the company and renamed it KLH Audio.[7][8] The company makes premium high-end speakers.

This United States manufacturing company–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Wayne Stamping and Assembly Plant is a Ford manufacturing plant in Wayne, Michigan, United States.  Many of its more than 3,000 employees are represented by UAW Local 900.
The 3,500,000-square-foot (330,000 m2) plant opened in 1952 on 229 acres (0.93 km2), and integrates both stamping and assembly operations. Assembled body units and stamped body components are transferred from the stamping/body area of one building to the paint and assembly area of the adjacent building via an overpass bridge. The assembly process includes welding (with and without robots) and sealing of sheet metal body components, metal finishing (sanding and surface preparation), phosphate coating, painting, and final assembly.
In 2007, Ford agreed not to close the plant under a new contract with the UAW in exchange for hiring up to one-fifth of its U.S. workforce at roughly half its average factory wage, with pay starting at just over $14 an hour.[1][2]
The facility is now part of the Michigan Assembly Plant.
A long-term agreement between Detroit Edison and Wayne allows landfill gas from Woodland Meadows Landfill to be collected, compressed, and sent through underground piping to the plant. The boilers burn a combination of natural gas and landfill gas to create steam for use in the plant., The landfill gas also powers three engine generators, which produce approximately 2.4 megawatts of electricity. The electricity is sent to Detroit Edison's grid system using a step-up transformer. Flaring of the landfill gas is minimized in turn reducing emissions from the landfill. Exhaust from the engines is recycled via ducts to the boilers' fireboxes; the combustion in the boilers acts as a re-burn cycle to further reduce the emissions from the engines. The 2 million British thermal units per hour (0.6 megawatts) of recovered heat from the engines means less gas in the boilers, reducing energy consumption and emissions. The partnership of Ford and Detroit Edison gives the utility company an electricity source from garbage that displaces coal-fired power.
Generators were taken offline and removed in 2009
A new energy project was started in 2011. Ford's Michigan Assembly Plant is now home to one of the largest solar arrays in all of Michigan. Detroit Edison, Xtreme Power and the state have teamed up with Ford to install a 500-kilowatt solar array along with a 750-kilowatt battery system with 2 megawatt-hours of energy – enough to power 100 average homes in Michigan for a year. The solar setup powers production of the Focus and Focus Electric and sends excess energy back to the grid.
The Ford complex is serviced by two Class 1 railroads, Norfolk Southern and CSX. The complex straddles the Wayne Junction, where Norfolk Southern's east-west Michigan Line crosses CSX's north-south Saginaw Subdivision. Norfolk Southern's Wayne Yard (milepost 18.5) is to the south of the Stamping & Assembly plant, and consists of ten sidings (plus the dual main). CSX's Wayne Yard (milepost CC90.1) is on the east side of the plant, and consists of more than 20 sidings. Much of the rolling stock consists of tri-level enclosed auto racks (89' long and 19' tall). Steel coils which are brought in by NS and CSX are a common sight for they are needed for stamping.
Beginning in 1953 Wayne Stamping and Assembly was the factory of origin for all Mercury vehicles, and knock-down kits were sent to Maywood Assembly, Maywood, California or St. Louis Assembly, St.Louis, Missouri, and assembled locally.[3]
Some of the former products built at the plant included (some years are approximate):
42°16′17″N 83°24′41″W﻿ / ﻿42.27139°N 83.41139°W﻿ / 42.27139; -83.41139Maximilien Chaudoir, or Maximilien, baron de Chaudoir, (12 September 1816, Ivnytsia [uk], near Zhytomyr – 6 May 1881, Amélie-les-Bains) was a Ukrainian entomologist. He was a specialist in Coleoptera and in particular the Carabidae. His Cicindelidae are conserved by the Muséum national d'histoire naturelle in Paris. His Carabidae were acquired by Charles Oberthür (1845–1924), then given to the same museum. He wrote Mémoire sur la famille des Carabiques, 6 volumes commencing 1848.[1]
Chaudoir was born in Ivnytsia [uk], about 30 kilometres from Zhytomyr, Ukraine. The family may come from a line of French Protestant emigrants who fled in 1685 or from Belgium. The subsequent roots have been traced to Antoine de Chaudoire from Poland whose son worked in the court of Stanislas-Auguste Poniatowski until his abdication in 1795, after which he moved to Bavaria where he received the hereditary title of Baron from Maximilien Joseph II in 1814. His son Stanislav (1790–1858) married Aglae d'Erggelet and Maximilien was their only son. Stanislav was a wealthy collector who donated his books and collectibles to the Hermitage Museum. Maximilien was raised by his aunt as his mother died after his birth. Jean Wavre, a private tutor introduced him to natural history and insects. He began collecting carabid beetles in 1826. He was sent to study law at Tartu (Dorpat), although not interested in law, he knew that J.F. Eschscholtz taught zoology there. Unfortunately for him, Eschscholtz died a few weeks before he joined the university, and Chaudoir began to work on his collections at the museum. He was encouraged by Count Gustave de Mannerheim and in 1834 he travelled around Germany and met Louis Chevrolat in Hamburg. He became a member of the Entomological Society of France in 1834. He moved to Kyiv and then joined the Societe Imperiale des Naturlistes de Moscou in 1837. In 1845 Chaudoir visited Crimea and became interested in the Caucasus region. In 1847 he became a member of the Entomologische Verein, Stettin. In 1848 he bought the Faldermann collection followed by another collection of Himalayan beetles from Captain W. E. Boys in 1850 and still later Gory's collection in 1852.[2]
He married Elisabeth-Augusta Bockshanine on February 28, 1856. They had a daughter and a son. His daughter Marie however died in 1879 at the age of 22 from tuberculosis. Chaudoir died from a stroke on 6 May 1881 and was buried next to his daughter in their family vault at Amelie-Bains-Palalda. His wife died in 1896 at Zhytomyr and their son died without issue in 1919. Before his death he let his collection be available to Rene Oberthür through his friend Charles Oberthür. This collection eventually went to the Muséum national d'Histoire naturelle in Paris.[2]Tropical Storm Talas was a weak but destructive tropical cyclone which brought record-breaking rainfall to Japan in September 2022. The fifteenth named storm of the annual Pacific typhoon season, Talas formed as a tropical depression several hundred miles northwest of the Mariana Islands on September 20. The depression turned northwest and intensified to Tropical Storm Talas on September 23. Talas curved northeastward and began to weaken while approaching the eastern Japan. It weakened to a tropical depression later that day. Talas became extratropical on the next day just south of the Tōkai region. The extratropical remnants continued to move slowly to the northeast, and dissipated on September 27 to the east of Honshu.
In advance of the storm, thousands of people were evacuated in vulnerable areas. Although Talas remained weak and never made landfall, the rainbands to its north brought heavy precipitation to eastern Japan, which triggered flooding and landslides. 120,000 families experienced power outages in the region. Shizuoka Prefecture was the hardest-hit prefecture across the country. Many places in the prefecture broke the record of highest amount of precipitation. Talas killed three people and injured six others. Across the country, almost 13,000 houses were damaged by the storm, and the total damage reached ¥198 billion (US$1.38 billion).
Late on September 20, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) first noted that a tropical depression formed at 21°N 141°E﻿ / ﻿21°N 141°E﻿ / 21; 141, about 930 km (580 mi) northwest of Guam.[1] On the next day, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) also noted the possibility of tropical cyclogenesis, as the system tracked northward while located in a warm sea surface temperatures of 29–30 °C (84–86 °F) and low wind shear. A trough to the west also increased poleward outflow.[2] At 21:00 UTC, the JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical depression and designated it as 17W.[3] The system turned northwestward as steered by a mid-level subtropical ridge.[4] Despite the center was partly exposed, deep convection increased near the center, both JMA and JTWC upgraded the system to a tropical storm early on September 23, and the former agency assigned the name Talas. The storm turned northeast under the influence of westerlies.[5][6] As Talas gained latitudes, ocean heat content dropped and wind shear increased, convection was sheared to the northeast and the center became fully exposed. The JTWC downgraded Talas to a tropical depression a few hours later.[7] Talas transit to an extratropical cyclone early on September 24,[8] and the system passed about 140 km (87 mi) south of Tokyo later that day. The extratropical remnants continued to drift northeastward, and dissipated on September 27, east of Honshu.[9]
Despite Talas remaining offshore, the rainbands to its north brought heavy rains to eastern Japan. The Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) issued a heavy rain warning for Shizuoka Prefecture and the Kantō region on September 23. The agency also issued a landslide warning for Aichi and Shizuoka Prefecture, as a front was expected to approach northern Japan on September 24, and the interaction between the front and Talas was expected to bring additional rainfall to the regoin.[10] The Fire and Disaster Management Agency issued evacuation orders to various cities and villages in Ibaraki, Tochigi, Chiba, Kanogawa, Shizuoka, Aichi, and Mie Prefecture,[11] including 3,000 peope in Yokohama.[12][13] The JR Central  bullet train services on Tokaido Shinkansen were suspended, while services between Tokyo and Mishima Station retained, but was limited to 1–2 trains per hour.[14] 1,000 people were stranded in Shizuoka.[12]
Talas brought torrential rains to eastern Japan. The region recorded heavy precipitation, particularly in the Shizuoka Prefecture. In Shizuoka, the 24-hour precipitation reached 417 mm (16.4 in), the highest in the country's history.[13] Fujieda, Moru, and Hamamatsu recorded 403 mm (15.9 in), 360.5 mm (14.19 in) and 280.5 mm (11.04 in) respectively, which also broke the record of highest 24-hour precipitation in history.[15] Many places in Shizuoka Prefecture recorded a 24-hour precipitation of at least 200 mm (7.9 in).[16] A JEF1 tornado struck the region between Omaezaki and Makinohara on September 23.[15] Shizuoka was the hardest-hit city across the prefecture, and the scale of the flooding and landslides was the most severe since 1977. River dams were damaged by heavy rainfall, and the river channels in the Abe River were blocked due to soil runoff. The Okitsu River [ja] was flooded by a large amount of sediment and driftwood, which made it difficult for water extraction. Moreover, a waterpipe bridge collapsed, and left 63,000 families in Shimizu-ku without water supply until October 6.[16] Talas killed three people and six others were injured, all in Shizuoka prefecture.[17] A man died in Kakegawa after a landslide struck the city.[18] Another man died after his car was plunged into a reservoir.[19] At least 120,000 families experienced power outages as two electricity pylons were knocked by landslides.[12][13] 12,995 houses were affected by the storm, in which six of them were destroyed. Agricultural damage amounted to be ¥15.4 billion (US$107 million).[17] The Japanese government estimated the total damage to be ¥198 billion (US$1.38 billion).[20]
On September 26, the governor of Shizuoka Prefecture, Heita Kawakatsu, requested the Self-Defense Forces to be dispatched to clean up the damage caused by Talas.[21]
Yamama Asif Abdula Al Fayyadh (born 2001)[1] is an Iraqi chess player who holds the title of Woman Candidate Master, which she earned in 2014.
She started playing chess at age nine after learning from her father. She represented Iraq in the 44th Chess Olympiad, playing alongside her sister Al-Fayyadh Zainab Asif Abdulah, and finishing on 4/8 on board five.[2][3]
She qualified for the Women's Chess World Cup 2023, where she was defeated by Eline Roebers in the first round.[4]
The Houma–Bayou Cane–Thibodaux metropolitan area, officially the Houma–Bayou Cane–Thibodaux metropolitan statistical area, is a Metropolitan Statistical Area in the Acadiana region of southern Louisiana, United States that covers two parishes—Lafourche and Terrebonne. The metropolis had a 2020 census-tabulated population of 207,137.[1]
The parish seat of Lafourche Parish, Thibodaux, is located 15 miles NNW from the parish seat of Terrebonne Parish, Houma. Bayou Cane is the commercial district of Terrebonne Parish and Lafourche Parish and is commonly referred to by locals as Houma. In 2014, Forbes magazine ranked Houma-Thibodaux as the eighth-fastest-growing small city in the United States.[2] The metropolitan area is commonly referred to by locals as the Houma–Thibodaux area.
As of the census[3] of 2000, there were 194,477 people, 68,084 households, and 51,692 families residing within the MSA. The racial makeup of the MSA was 78.13% White, 15.40% Black, 3.91% Native American, 0.74% Asian, 0.02% Pacific Islander, 0.56% from other races, and 1.25% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latinos of any race were 1.50% of the population. The median income for a household in the MSA was $35,073, and the median income for a family was $40,208. Males had a median income of $34,735 versus $20,095 for females. The per capita income for the MSA was $15,930.
In 2021, the American Community Survey estimated there were 206,212 people, down from 207,137 at the 2020 census. Among the population in 2021, the racial make up was 71% white, 14% Black and African American, 4% Native American, 1% Asian, 5% multiracial, and 5% Hispanic or Latinos of any race.[4] The median household income for a family in the metropolitan area increased to $61,478 at the 2021 census estimates, making it wealthier than Greater New Orleans ($56,837), Greater Baton Rouge ($58,276), and Metropolitan Lafayette ($53,931) at the time of the census estimates.
The Houma–Thibodaux–Bayou Cane region's economy is strongly oriented toward the production of petroleum and natural gas. It is notable that during the Great Recession, the region maintained low unemployment rates. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the region registered a 3.5% unemployment rate in February 2009, the lowest of any metro area in the United States at the time.[5]
The metropolitan area's main thoroughfare is U.S. Highway 90, which runs east to west and passes directly between Houma and Thibodaux.
Carl Walther Strom (December 22, 1899 – January 27, 1969) was an American diplomat who served as United States ambassador to Cambodia, replacing Robert M. McClintock,[1] from October 11, 1956 to March 8, 1959 and United States ambassador to Bolivia from April 8, 1959 to May 8, 1961.
He graduated from Luther College (Iowa) in 1919[2] and earned a PhD in mathematics from the University of Illinois.[1]
Strom was named United States ambassador to Cambodia on October 11, 1956.[3] Strom served until March 8, 1959.[3] On April 8, 1959 he was named United States ambassador to Bolivia.[3] He served until May 8, 1961.[3]This page provides supplementary chemical data on carbon monoxide.
The handling of this chemical may incur notable safety precautions. It is highly recommended that you seek the material safety data sheet (MSDS) for this chemical from a reliable source such as SIRI, and follow its directions.
In 1930 Hamilton, Ontario, Canada was the site of the very first Commonwealth Games, then known as the British Empire Games. The Games came to Hamilton as a result of the efforts of Melville Marks Robinson,[1] and were Canada's first major international athletic event, and bid unsuccessfully for the Commonwealth Games in 2010, losing out to New Delhi in India.[2] On 7 November 2009, in Guadalajara, Mexico it was announced that Toronto will host the 2015 Pan Am Games after beating out two rival South American cities, Lima, Peru and Bogota, Colombia. The city of Hamilton will be co-hosting the Games with Toronto. Hamilton Mayor Fred Eisenberger said "the Pan Am Games will provide a 'unique opportunity for Hamilton to renew major sport facilities giving Hamiltonians a multi-purpose stadium, a 50-metre swimming pool, and an international-calibre velodrome to enjoy for generations to come.'"[3]
The Around the Bay Road Race circumnavigates Hamilton Harbour or Burlington Bay. Although it is not a proper marathon, it is the longest continuously held long distance foot race in North America, held in Hamilton since 1894, 3-years before the Boston Marathon.[1] The local newspaper, Hamilton Spectator has also hosted the amateur Spectator Indoor Games.[1] Hamilton has also produced a number of prominent runners over the years. Some of these include, Robert Kerr, (1882–1963), was an Irish-Canadian sprinter. He won the gold medal in the 200 metres and the bronze medal in the 100 metres at the 1908 Summer Olympics,[2] Ray Lewis, (1910–2003), Track & Field, first Canadian-born Black Olympic medallist[1] and William Sherring, (1878–1964), was a Canadian athlete, winner of the marathon race at the 1906 Summer Olympics.[1]
Other noteworthy Olympians, Commonwealth Games and Pan American Games participants from Hamilton include; Lisa Buscombe, Archer, won the women's World Field archery Championship title in 1984 and in 1985 won the World Games Field Archery Title. Inducted into the Canadian Amateur Sports Hall of Fame in 1985. In 1999 coached silver Canadian medallist in Men's Archery at the Pan Am Games;[4] Toller Cranston, (1949–2015 ), Canadian Figure skater- Bronze medal 1976 Winter Games;[5] Bryce Davison, (1986– ), Canadian figure skater, competes in the pairs event with Jessica Dubé. Member of the Hamilton Skating Club;[6] Ray Lazdins, (1964– ), a retired discus thrower from Canada, who represented his native country twice at the Summer Olympics; Irene MacDonald, (1931–2002), Diving, she reigned as Canada's champion diver from 1951 to 1961. She won medals at the 1954 and 1958 Commonwealth Games and in 1956 she won Canada's first Olympic diving medal, a bronze;[4] Joanne Malar, (1975– ), Former freestyle and medley swimmer, who competed in three consecutive Summer Olympics;[7] Pat Messner, (1954– ), Water skiing, 1972 Summer Olympics Bronze medal winner;[4] Linda Thom, (1943– ), Woman's shooting (25m Pistol) Gold at 1984 Summer Olympics;[4] and Tonya Verbeek, silver medallist at the 2004 Summer Olympics in women's wrestling in the 55 kg category – Canada's first woman to medal at the Olympics in wrestling. At the 2008 Summer Olympics, she won Canada's third medal overall, and third Canadian medal ever in women's wrestling,[8] by winning a bronze in the 55kg class.[9][10]
In the year 2000 Hamilton was the first city in the western hemisphere to ever host the International Children's Games. Over 2500 athletes from 35 countries and 5 continents participated in the largest sporting and cultural celebration in games history. The games opened on 1 July, Canada Birthday hosting a large cultural festival parade and opening ceremonies broadcast across Canada. The games were considered Canada's premier millennium event and the event left an international legacy where as now over 100 countries and almost a thousand cities worldwide have participated in this international sporting event recognized by the IOC.
Hamilton successfully hosted the World Cycling Championships in 2003. It was only the fourth time the World Cycling Championships was staged in North America, and the second time ever in Canada (Montreal 1974.) Igor Astarloa of Spain was the winner.[2]
The Hamilton Golf and Country Club has hosted the Canadian Open golf championship four times, most recently in 2003 when Bob Tway won and again in 2006 with Jim Furyk the winner.[1] The traditional course layout, designed by famed course architect Harry Colt, proved very popular with touring pros. Florence Harvey, (1878–1968), Hamilton golfer, was the Ontario Ladies Amateur Champion 1904, 1906, 1913, and 1914 and the Canadian Ladies Champion in 1903 and 1904. She founded and served on the executive of the Canadian Ladies Golf Association and is a member of Canada's Golf Hall of Fame.[4]
Hamilton has hosted the Brier, the Canadian men's curling championship, a total of 3 times, in 1949, 1991 and the 2007 Tim Hortons Brier.[11]
Hamilton is twinned with Flint, Michigan, and its amateur athletes compete in the CANUSA Games, held alternatively there and here since 1958.[1] Flint and Hamilton hold the distinction of having the oldest continuous sister-city relationship between a U.S. and Canadian city, since 1957.[12] Hamilton hosted the games' 50th-anniversary in 2007.[13] Special events included the 30th annual golf tournament at King's Forest. The tournament was dedicated to the memory of well-known Hamilton broadcaster and longtime CANUSA volunteer Bill Sturrup.[14]
Two new sports venues opened up in Hamilton, Ontario in 2007–08, both of which are on the McMaster University grounds. The first is the $23-million Ron Joyce Stadium,[15] and the second is the $30-million David Braley Athletic Centre.[16]
The 6,000-seat Ronald V. Joyce Stadium is primarily a football stadium with officials at McMaster University suggesting it may be the best soccer venue in the Golden Horseshoe after Toronto's BMO Field, and it has taken steps to try to position the stadium for extensive soccer use. Extensive renovations were also done to the gym at the Ivor Wynne Centre. Total cost of the upgrades was $54-million. University officials have also noted that previous successful Pan Am and Commonwealth Games in Winnipeg, Victoria and Edmonton have utilized university facilities. Mac officials are also aiming to make the university one of the athlete villages.[17]
Ron Foxcroft is the owner of Fox 40 International who make 40,000 whistles/ day. Used by search and rescue professionals in major catastrophes like the San Francisco earthquake and Oklahoma City bombing, and collapse of the World Trade Center. Also used by Major League sports officials around the world like the NHL, NBA, NFL including the Summer Olympics and Winter Olympics.[18][19]
Kenesky Sports on Barton & Wellington Streets is the site where Emil Kenesky (Emil "Pops" Kenesky) invented the hockey goalie pads in 1917. His new pads were cricket pads, modified, and widened to approximately 12 inches. The new pads caught on extremely quickly, and this style of pad was used by a majority of pro goalies right on to the 1970s. Hockey Hall of Famers like Johnny Bower, Jacques Plante and Terry Sawchuk having worn them. Kenesky's company became the best-known manufacturer of hockey equipment in Canada.[20] Kenesky Sports also has a hockey school for goalies of all-ages. Alumni include NHL netminders Ray Emery and Dwayne Roloson.[21]
Charlie O'Brien, a former major league baseball catcher, after getting smashed in his mask by two consecutive foul-tip balls in a game, O'Brien had the idea for a new catcher's mask (a helmet, actually) while he was watching a hockey game. He worked with Van Velden Mask Inc., of Stoney Creek, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, to develop his idea. The new design, called the All-Star MVP, was approved in 1996 by Major League Baseball. The company is a maker of hockey goalie masks and equipment and was named after the owner of the company, Gerry Van Velden.[22]
Hamilton Select
Hamilton Select is a fast pitch league containing teams from across the city. It is a league for the ages of 19 and under. It is a relatively unknown league to the public, but is highly scouted. It is a very competitive league that has each park trying to be regarded as Hamilton's finest team. Hamilton select consists of 28 teams in the Hamilton region but East Hamilton is where the top teams are found. The league originated in 1997. The team to win earns an entry into Regionals to play against Niagara's, Ottawa's, and Toronto's top teams. There has only been one team to win Regionals representing Hamilton: Gage Park 1999. Over the past 12 years there have only been 6 different teams to represent Hamilton: Gage Park (5), Rosedale (3), Scott Park (2), Roxborough (1), and Berrisfield (1). It is like a community within the community, although it is a highly competitive league it is a tight group of competitors.
Hamilton is also home to the Canadian Football Hall of Fame museum. The museum hosts an annual induction event in a week-long celebration that includes school visits, a golf tournament, a formal induction dinner and concludes with the Hall of Fame game involving the local CFL Hamilton Tiger-Cats at Ivor Wynne Stadium.[23][24]
On Wednesday, 3 November 1869, in a room above George Lee's Fruit Store, the Hamilton Football Club was formed. The club was first referred to as the Hamilton Tigers in their first game against the Toronto Argonauts in which Hamilton wore black and yellow for the first time, hence the nickname "Tigers." Hamilton Football Clubs have captured the Grey Cup in every decade of the 20th century, a feat matched by only one other franchise in the North American Major Leagues, the Rochester Red Wings. In 1908, the Tigers won the "Dominion Championship", a year before the Grey Cup was presented. The only time that football was interrupted in Hamilton as a spectator sport was during the First and Second World Wars. After World War II the Hamilton Tigers Football Team started competition once again. During WWII, a new group in the City had been formed and they became known as the Hamilton Wildcats. The competition for fan participation was so great that both teams were unable to operate on a sound financial basis. It was decided that the two Clubs should amalgamate and form one representative team for Hamilton. The present name, Tiger-Cats, and what is known as the modern era of football started in 1950.[25]
Hamilton based football teams have captured the Grey Cup a total of 15-times, which is second best among Canadian cities (Toronto teams have won 21-times). The Hamilton Tiger-Cats have won eight, the Hamilton Tigers have won five and the Hamilton Flying Wildcats and the Hamilton Alerts each won once. The Hamilton Alerts were the first team from Hamilton to win the Grey Cup back in 1912 against the Toronto Argonauts in Hamilton at the old A.A.A. Grounds.[26] The city of Hamilton has hosted the Grey Cup Finals a total of 10-times, the last one being in 1996 (84th Grey Cup) in the "Snow Bowl" where the Toronto Argonauts defeated the Edmonton Eskimos by a score of 43–37.[27] This was also the only Grey Cup game in Hamilton that did not feature a Hamilton-based team.
Ivor Wynne Stadium is the home of the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. The stadium originally known as Civic Stadium was constructed in 1930 to host the 1930 British Empire Games; Canada's first major international athletic event, held in Hamilton from 16 to 23 August 1930.[28] Notable residents and former players include "King Kong" Angelo Mosca.
The CFL's annual Eastern Division Labour Day Classic pits the Hamilton Tiger-Cats against perennial rivals the Toronto Argonauts. This particular weekend, typically the tenth or eleventh week in the season, is known for its fixtures that do not change from year to year. Oddly, for many years before his death, Harold Ballard owned both the Hamilton Tiger-Cats and the Toronto Maple Leafs, the National Hockey League (NHL) franchise in rival city Toronto. The team's prowess has fallen dramatically from its glory days in the 1960s and early 1970s, when it was a powerhouse.[29]
Hamilton and area pro football players and personalities over the years include;[1]
Hamilton has also produced a couple of noteworthy mixed martial arts fighters. One of two most noteworthy is Jeff Joslin, who has a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Romero "Jacare" Cavalcanti, and a 4th degree black belt in Wado Ryu Karate. He has also trained in wrestling and boxing.[44] The other noteworthy fighter from steeltown is Samir Seif. He is a world-class Muay Thai kickboxing champion.
Hamilton is home to Canada's largest grappling tournament the annual Joslin's Canadian Open.[45]
Hamilton has hosted some high-profile professional wrestling events. Copps Coliseum was the venue for the World Wrestling Federation's first-ever Royal Rumble on 24 January 1988, which was broadcast live in the United States on the USA Network, and for the Breakdown: In Your House pay-per-view event on 27 September 1998. In addition, the WWF taped its syndicated television program, WWF All-Star Wrestling, which aired as Maple Leaf Wrestling in Canada, at the Hamilton Convention Centre in October 1984 (two tapings that month), November 1984, and January 1985.[46][47] From 1987 to 1992, occasionally matches at Copps Coliseum would be taped and shown on WWF Prime Time Wrestling. On 1 June 1992, the WWF's flagship syndicated television program, WWF Superstars, was taped at Copps Coliseum.[48]
Hamilton is also home to a wrestling school called Wrestlecorps Pro Wrestling Academy found on Kenilworth Avenue North near Barton Street and has a rich and colourful history of producing a number of well known pro wrestlers. Some of these include:
The Hamilton Tigers  played in the NHL during the early 1920s but then the team folded after a player's strike. Tigers owner Percy Thompson of the Abso Pure Ice Company of Hamilton then sold the players rights to New York City bootleggers and the new team was then named the New York Americans and became the first pro sports team to play out of the newly built Madison Square Garden in downtown Manhattan, New York. Hockey Hall-of-Famer Joe Malone was a player/manager for the Tigers hockey club in the 1921–22 season. The team's home rink was the Barton Street Arena.[55] After the team left, a minor-league Hamilton Tigers team was formed, eventually becoming the Syracuse Stars and Buffalo Bisons.
There are 35 ice rinks in 27 arenas in the Greater Hamilton area including FirstOntario Centre, Dave Andreychuk Mountain Arena & Skating Centre, Pat Quinn Parkdale Arena, Mohawk 4 Ice Centre, (4 rinks) at Mohawk Sports Park and Chedoke Twin Pad Arena, (2-rinks), on the West mountain.[56][57]
A number of NHL hockey players have come from the Hamilton region over the years. Some of these include:[58]
Note: Tim Horton, retired NHL hockey defenseman, opened his first Tim Hortons Doughnut Shop in Hamilton, Ontario in 1964.[63]
Copps Coliseum Arena was the home ice for the Hamilton Bulldogs of the American Hockey League from 1996 to 2015. When the Edmonton Oilers announced plans to suspend operations of the previous Hamilton Bulldogs franchise in 2002, local interests in conjunction with the Oilers, Montreal Canadiens and the AHL secured ownership of the Quebec Citadelles and relocated the franchise to Hamilton assuring the continuation of the Bulldogs team. The team's primary affiliates were the Edmonton Oilers from 1996 to 2003 and the Montreal Canadiens from 2002 to 2015. The Bulldogs reached the final of the Calder Cup Championship in 1997 and 2003 only to lose in the finals on both occasions and then finally winning it all, their third attempt, in 2007 defeating the Hershey Bears.[64][65]
In 2015, the Montreal Canadiens repurchased the Bulldogs franchise from team owner Michael Andlauer with the intention of relocating their affiliate to become the St. John's IceCaps. In response to losing his AHL team, Andlauer purchased the Ontario Hockey League's Belleville Bulls franchise and made a new Bulldogs team, albeit in a major junior league.
The Victor K. Copps Coliseum was built downtown on Bay Street North.[66] The sports and entertainment arena, named for a former mayor and father of Sheila Copps, has hosted the 1986 World Junior Ice Hockey Championship Games where the Soviets captured gold against Team Canada with a top scoring line that consisted of Sergei Fedorov, Alexander Mogilny and Pavel Bure.
Hamilton also hosted the 1987 Canada Cup, which featured dynamic duo Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux combine forces to defeat the Soviets. Hamilton also hosted the 1991 Canada Cup where Canada won the tournament once more, this time against Brett Hull and the Americans.
In 1990, Copps Coliseum hosted the Memorial Cup tournament that featured a young Eric Lindros playing on the eventual winners; Oshawa Generals. The Generals defeated the Kitchener Rangers in an All-Ontario Finals, the game went into triple overtime.
Hamilton also set attendance records at the time of hosting each one of the above-mentioned hockey tournaments.[67]
Hamilton-based hockey teams have captured the Memorial Cup twice. The Hamilton Red Wings in 1962 which featured Pit Martin & the 1972 Summit Series hero Paul Henderson. In 1976 the Hamilton Fincups captured the trophy which featured future NHL stars Willie Huber, Al Jensen, Dale McCourt, Al Secord and Ric Seiling.[1]
In recent decades, Hamilton has shown interest in an NHL franchise and built the Copps Coliseum (now the FirstOntario Centre) in anticipation. It has been continually disappointed, and voted against by nearby Buffalo and Toronto, who potentially could lose revenue if Hamilton had an NHL franchise.[citation needed] Hamilton arguably came closest to landing an NHL franchise in 1990, when 14,000 Hamilton hockey fans made Non-refundable downpayments for season's tickets in less than 24 hours. However, according to Phil Esposito, the bid was blocked by Seymour Knox III (then owner of the Buffalo Sabres) and the Toronto Maple Leafs organizations.[67][68] Out of all the bids submitted, the Hamilton bid, led by Tim Horton's co-founder Ron Joyce, became the only group to meet all the necessary criteria established by the NHL.[citation needed] However, the NHL awarded Ottawa and Tampa the new expansion teams, as the two cities were the only applicants who could pay the full expansion fee of US$50 million dollars. Joyce could not afford to pay upfront, and instead proposed annual payments.[69]
One of the biggest endorsements for Hamilton's quest for an NHL team came from hockey legend Wayne Gretzky, who was quoted as saying that "Hamilton and the Southwestern Ontario region could definitely support a National Hockey League team" and also that "there is a lot of red tape but these kind of things have a way of working themselves out and both the corporate and commercial support would be there for a team in Hamilton".[70] An NHL team based out of Copps Coliseum would make it the closest NHL rink to Wayne Gretzky's hometown of Brantford, Ontario.
On 3 February 2011, it was announced that the Toronto Nationals of Major League Lacrosse would relocate to Hamilton and be renamed the Hamilton Nationals. It was also announced that they would play their home games at Ron Joyce Stadium on the campus of McMaster University.[71]
On 21 November 2013, the MLL announced that the team would not participate in the 2014 season, with most of the players being transferred to the expansion Florida Launch. The team is expected to attempt to rejoin the league for the 2015 season once construction of the new Tim Hortons Field in Hamilton is completed, much like the Rochester Rattlers did for the 2011 season.[72]
On May 11, 2021, the Toronto Rock of the National Lacrosse League announced that the Rock would relocate from Scotiabank Arena in Toronto to FirstOntario Centre in Hamilton with a 5-year arena lease with an option to extend the agreement afterwards. Their relocation will commence in time for the beginning of the 2021-22 NLL Season in December and the team name will not be changed despite the relocation to Hamilton for branding reasons.[73]
Hamilton and area is also the home of two auto race tracks. The first one is the Jukasa Motor Speedway, in Hagersville, a 5/8-mile oval auto racing track which is under new ownership and currently under major renovations. The last major event there was on 2–3 September (2006); The Canadian Association for Stock Car Racing (CASCAR) Labour Day Classic which featured the Super and Sportsman series. Rogers Sportsnet televised the Super Series race. The touring CASCAR series has been staging races since 1981. Jukasa Motor Speedway was considered one of Canada's top racing venues and attracted some of racing's top drivers, including Richard Petty, Al Unser, Cale Yarborough, Dale Earnhardt, the Allisons (Bobby, Davey, Donnie and Kenny) and Benny Parsons.[74] The second auto race track in Hamilton is the Flamboro Speedway, 1/3-mile semi banked asphalt oval auto racing track. Established in 1961 and has provided excellent grass roots stock car racing action every year since – Making it one of Canada's longest running stock car tracks.[75]
Hamilton is also home of Flamboro Downs; Canada's fastest half-mile harness horse racing track. Set on 220 acres (89 ha) on Highway No. 5 west, between highways 6 and 8, flamboro downs has grown substantially since its April 1975 opening. Races are held five days a week. A typical flamboro downs live race card will include at least 10 or 11 races, and often more. In addition to the live flamboro downs harness racing, both thoroughbred and standardbred racing from other tracks across North America are simulcast daily from 12 noon. An off-track betting network offers racing from teletheatres in Hamilton, Brantford, Burlington and Stoney Creek.[76]
Hamilton is the birthplace of three jockeys in Thoroughbred horse racing whose success led to them being inducted in the Canadian Horse Racing Hall of Fame and they are; Jeffrey Fell,[77] Chris Rogers[78] and Don Seymour.[79]
Hamilton is home of the Hamilton and District Soccer Association. The H&DSA is one of Ontario's oldest soccer organizations. The Association represents many soccer organization from many surrounding communities such as Brantford, Glanbrook, Stoney Creek, Ancaster, Dundas and Hamilton.[80]
Hamilton hosts the tier-1 Forge FC of the Canadian Premier League since 2019. Hamilton also hosts Hamilton United FC, the division 3 women's team in League1 Ontario. While Hamilton City SC also represents Hamilton in the Canadian Soccer League.[81]
Hamilton is also home to 3 soccer leagues and they include; the Hamilton & District Multi-Jurisdictional Soccer League[82] the Hamilton & District Oldtimers Soccer League[83] and the third is the Hamilton Senior Mens Soccer League.[84]
Hamilton was home of the Hamilton Steelers of the Canadian Soccer League between 1982 and 1992. They were the 1986 National Champions and played their home games at the 5,000 seat Brian Timmis Stadium. The city was previously represented in the Canadian Professional/Soccer League with the Hamilton Thunder operating from 2002 to 2005, and Hamilton Croatia in 2010.[85][86]
Hamilton was previously home to the Hamilton Avalanche, a Canadian women's soccer team from the W-League. They were founded in 2006. Hamilton was also previously home to Hamilton Rage of the PDL, founded in 2011, however both teams moved to Kitchener-Waterloo following the 2012 season.
Hamilton has been home to or has produced a number of pro soccer players over the years. Some of these include:
Hammer City Roller Girls 2006–present (www.hammercityrollergirls.ca)Charles Sinek (born December 28, 1968) is an American former competitive ice dancer. With partner and wife Beata Handra, he is the 1999–2002 U.S. national pewter medalist and placed as high as fourth at the Four Continents Championships.
Sinek was born on December 28, 1968, in Wilmington, North Carolina.[1] His father, Joachim Sinek, represented Chile at the Olympic Games in the 1950s in fencing.[2]
Charles Sinek and Beata Handra were married in 1996.[1] Their son, Kai Bela Sinek, was born on May 11, 2017.[3]
Charles Sinek originally skated with his sister, Anne Sinek,[4] for several years. After his sister retired, he skated with Regina Woodward at the senior level and then turned professional.
Sinek competed at the 1994 Gay Games as a last minute replacement partner for Stephane Vachon, a friend whose partner was unable to compete due to illness. Sinek volunteered to skate with Vachon because he already knew the dance.[5] They won the gold medal in the Male/Male Compulsory Dance 4 competition.[6]
Sinek reinstated as an amateur in 1995.[7] He teamed up with 18-year-old Beata Handra.[4] In 2000, Handra/Sinek were given their first Grand Prix assignment, Skate America. Three weeks before the event, Sinek developed a staph infection after Handra accidentally cut his right shin in practice.[4] He recovered and they competed at the event, placing sixth.
In the 2001–02 season, Handra/Sinek missed their two Grand Prix assignments due to health issues—in August 2001, Sinek underwent knee surgery which resulted in a blood clot in his calf, and tore his meniscus a second time in September 2001.[7][8]
Handra/Sinek placed fourth at the 2002 U.S. Championships and were sent to the 2002 Four Continents Championships where they placed a career-best fourth. They were also granted the United States' second spot to the 2002 Winter Olympics because two teams who ranked above them nationally—Tanith Belbin / Benjamin Agosto and Melissa Gregory / Denis Petukhov—were ineligible for the Olympics due to citizenship problems. Handra/Sinek placed 23rd at the Olympics.
(with Handra)
Balijapadu is a village in Rajavommangi Mandal, Alluri Sitharama Raju district in the state of Andhra Pradesh in India.[1]
Balijapadu is located at 17°21′06″N 82°10′07″E﻿ / ﻿17.3518°N 82.1685°E﻿ / 17.3518; 82.1685.
As of 2011[update] India census, Balijapadu had a population of 564, out of which 282 were male and 282 were female. The population of children below 6 years of age was 11%. The literacy rate of the village was 53%.[2]
This article about a location in Andhra Pradesh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Potato Corner is a Philippine food franchise known for its flavored French fries. Potato Corner's first stall opened up in SM Megamall in Mandaluyong, Philippines, on October 16, 1992 under Cinco Corporation.[2]
Potato Corner was founded by Jose Magsaysay Jr., Ricky Montelibano, Danny Bermejo and George Wieneke in 1992. Montelibano is Magsaysay's brother-in-law and was the first to introduce flavored popcorn to the Philippines. Although he had been working for a local Wendy's for nine years, Magsaysay needed to support his family and came up with the idea of flavored fries, based on Montelibano's business. They had to borrow money to raise the starting financial capital of ₱150,000 (US$ 5879.47, equivalent to ₱150,000 in 2021). Magsaysay left his management job at Wendy's and the first Potato Corner, a cart in Mandaluyong, opened in October 1992. Within thirty days, all of them were able to pay back their loans.[3][4]
After their initial success, they began to consider expanding through franchises. Magsaysay knew only the basics of franchising from his job at Wendy's and at the time it was a novel idea in the Philippines. As such, their first franchisee agreements were largely informal and their first franchisee signed a document they copied from online. The group raised funds for their expansion and quickly became large in the local market.[3]
In 2006, Potato Corner opened its first international store in Indonesia.[5] This was followed by Potato Corner's first entry in the United States in February 2010 and first store in the United States in 2012.[5] In April 2017, Potato Corner opened its first Hong Kong franchise in Tsim Sha Tsui.[6]
In 2021, Shakey's Pizza Asia Ventures Inc., the Philippine franchise of Shakey's Pizza, acquired Potato Corner;[7] the acquisition deal was completed in 2022.[8][9] As of 2024, Potato Corner has more than 1,100 stores in the Philippines, with international operations in Indonesia, the United States, Panama, Australia, Thailand, Hong Kong, Cambodia, Singapore, Vietnam, Kuwait, Malaysia, Canada, Myanmar, Saudi Arabia, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, China, and the United Arab Emirates. In late 2022, the franchise expanded to the United Kingdom opening the first outlet in London. The franchise also expanded to New Zealand opening its first outlet in Auckland and in the United Arab Emirates opening their first outlet store in Ibn Battuta Mall.[5]
Potato Corner garnered a number of accolades through the years. Potato Corner bagged the Best Franchisee of the Year for three consecutive years from PFA and DTI. Awarded by the same organizations, Potato Corner also received the Franchisee Excellence Hall of Fame Award in 2003 and the Global Filipino Franchise Award in 2017.[10]
Potato Corner's official mascot, Poco (formerly Spudster), was introduced by the brand in 2009, and can be seen in all of its stores and buckets. Spudster received a Master License for Los Angeles County in 2009.[11]
In August 2023, Potato Corner Philippines received online backlash when a job posting for a branch in Dasmariñas, Cavite deemed to be discriminatory went viral on social media, garnering criticism and calls to boycott their products. The company deleted the post and apologized for it.[12][13][14]
(exec.)
Shake Away (Spanish: Ojo de Culebra) is the sixth studio album by Mexican singer-songwriter Lila Downs. It was released on 2 September 2008 on Manhattan Records. After attaining international success in 2001 with her first English record, Border, Downs wanted to release a fifth Spanish-English language project as its followup. In the vein of her earlier work, the album is heavily influenced by world music, flamenco and rock.[1] Downs enlisted Paul Cohen as executive producer, also working with Celso Duarte, Brian Lynch and Aneiro Taño.[2]
At its release Shake Away received generally favorable reviews from music critics, who complimented Lila's evolution from her earlier work. The album debuted at number 36 on the US Billboard Top Latin Albums, with first-week sales of 30,000 copies. Internationally, the album topped the charts in Argentina, Germany, Mexico and Spain. Shake Away was nominated at Best Contemporary World Music Album at the 2009 Grammy Awards, and the Top World Music Majors at the WOMEX Awards.[3]
Five singles were released to promote the album. Although its lead single ("Ojo de Culebra") was the only track to reach the US Billboard Hot 100, the follow-up singles "Perro Negro", "Yo Envidio el Viento", "Tierra de Luz" and "Black Magic Woman" enjoyed moderate success on the Hot Latin Songs,[4] World Music Songs and Latin Pop Airplay charts.[5] The projects were promoted with the Ojo de Culebra Tour in 2009 and 2010, which visited the Americas, Asia and Europe.
After achieving international success in 2001 with her first English album, Border, Downs released a Spanish-language record as its follow-up (her first since 1999's La Sandunga). Having co-written nearly sixty songs for the project, she decided to divide the release into two editions and put herself "on the mission of selecting [her] favorite ones" to record. Shake Away contains all Spanish-English language songs and Ojo de Culebra features all Spanish-language tracks. Downs initially said that the second version would have a "completely new repertory of songs", although the completed album included two Spanish translations of songs from the first record. When recording the albums, she worked with previous collaborators Celso Duarte and Aneiro Taño and new partner Brian Lynch. The artwork for both Shake Away album was inspired in the mythological account.
Shake Away is heavily influenced by Latin Folk.[1] The introductory track, "Little Man", incorporates folk music styles[1] in its opening banda styles. "Ojo de Culebra" ("Shake Away") features Spanish singer-songwriter La Mari, and includes elements of Mexican cumbia music, flamenco and reggae. "Minimum Wage" is a Jazz influenced song with rock elements against an alternative background. "Perro Negro" ("Dog Black"), featuring Mexican singer-songwriter Ixaya Mazatzin Tleytól, is a fusion of klezmer and rock.
The five track, "Yo Envidio el Viento" is a translation into Spanish of "I Envy the Wind" by the American singer-songwriter Lucinda Williams and has a ballad feel. "Skeleton" also has influences from rock and traditional music, using simple melodies to emphasize Lila's vocals. "Black Magic Woman", featuring singer-songwriter Raul Midón, is a cover by Peter Green that has rock-folk elements.[6] The disc concludes with an English version of "Yo Envidio el Viento" and "Justicia".The Laldighi Mosque (Bengali: লালদীঘি মসজিদ) is an ancient Sunni mosque located at Laldighi, in Badarganj upazila of Rangpur district, Bangladesh.[1]
The mosque is believed to be built in the late 17th to early 18th century. The exact date of construction is not known. There was an inscription tablet located near the eastern facade of the mosque, but this has gone missing. According to Banglapedia, the mosque's architectural style is similar to nearby mosques (such as the Gorai Mosque, completed in 1680 CE, of Kishoreganj, and the Chaksri Mosque, completed in c., the late 17th century, of Bagerhat).[1]
The mosque fell into disuse, and was abandoned. During the late British rule in Bengal, this mosque was re-discovered, and cleared of the thick vegetation.[1]
This mosques architecture is similar to Mughal sculptures.
Media related to Laldighi Nine domed Mosque at Wikimedia Commons

This article about a mosque or other Islamic place of worship in Bangladesh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Simon Mark James Cusden (born 21 February 1985) is a former professional cricketer, who now helps high performing individuals and teams prevent and treat wellbeing and performance crisis. [1][2]
Born in Thanet in Kent, Cusden played for Kent County Cricket Club between 2004 and 2006.[3] After being released by Kent at the end of the 2006 season he joined Derbyshire but was in turn released by them after making only one first-class appearance during 2007.[4][5] He played a total of seven first-class matches and six List A matches in his playing career.[6] He represented England Under-19's touring Australia in 2002–2003. In the Under-19s test against Bangladesh in July 2004, Cusden claimed four wickets and was top wicket taker in the test and one day series.
After playing for Elvaston Cricket Club in Derbyshire for two seasons following his release by Derbyshire, Cusden moved to Australia. He set up his own cricket coaching company.[7][8]
Cusden has spoken of the mental health issues he faced whilst playing and after leaving the professional game. For a time he abused alcohol and attempted to commit suicide on one occasion. The Professional Cricketers' Association Benevolent Fund provided assistance to him after the attempt and he was admitted to a rehabilitation centre to aid his recovery.[9][10]
Nearly a decade later, Cusden now works as a private coach for senior leaders and high performers who are suffering silently from depression, addiction and suicidal ideation.
Simon lives in Somerset with his wife, Jess and their twin sons - Jupiter and Phoenix.
Simon Cusden at ESPNcricinfo
Hermann Graf (24 October 1912 – 4 November 1988) was a German Luftwaffe World War II fighter ace.[Note 1] He served on both the Eastern and Western Fronts. He became the first pilot in aviation history to claim 200 aerial victories—that is, 200 aerial combat encounters resulting in the destruction of the enemy aircraft.[2] In about 830 combat missions, he claimed a total of 212 aerial victories, almost all of which were achieved on the Eastern Front.
According to US historian David T. Zabecki, Graf was credited with 212 aerial victories. [3] He claimed these aerial victories in 830 combat missions,[4][5] 10 on the Western Front which included six four-engined-bombers and one Mosquito, and 202 on the Eastern Front.[6][7][2]
Victory claims were logged to a map-reference (PQ = Planquadrat), for example "PQ 85 423". The Luftwaffe grid map (Jägermeldenetz) covered all of Europe, western Russia and North Africa and was composed of rectangles measuring 15 minutes of latitude by 30 minutes of longitude, an area of about 360 square miles (930 km2). These sectors were then subdivided into 36 smaller units to give a location area 3 km × 4 km (1.9 mi × 2.5 mi) in size.[8]Congenital syphilis is syphilis that occurs when a mother with untreated syphilis passes the infection to her baby during pregnancy or at birth.[4] It may present in the fetus, infant, or later.[1][5] Clinical features vary and differ between early onset, that is presentation before 2-years of age, and late onset, presentation after age 2-years.[4] Infection in the unborn baby may present as poor growth, non-immune hydrops leading to premature birth or loss of the baby, or no signs.[2][4] Affected newborns mostly initially have no clinical signs.[4] They may be small and irritable.[4] Characteristic features include a rash, fever, large liver and spleen, a runny and congested nose, and inflammation around bone or cartilage.[2][4] There may be jaundice, large glands, pneumonia (pneumonia alba), meningitis, warty bumps on genitals, deafness or blindness.[4][6][7] Untreated babies that survive the early phase may develop skeletal deformities including deformity of the nose, lower legs, forehead, collar bone, jaw, and cheek bone.[4] There may be a perforated or high arched palate, and recurrent joint disease.[2][4] Other late signs include linear perioral tears, intellectual disability, hydrocephalus, and juvenile general paresis.[4] Seizures and cranial nerve palsies may first occur in both early and late phases.[4] Eighth nerve palsy, interstitial keratitis and small notched teeth may appear individually or together; known as Hutchinson's triad.[4]
It is caused by the bacterium Treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum when it infects the baby after crossing the placenta or from contact with a syphilitic sore at birth.[4][5] It is not transmitted during breastfeeding unless there is an open sore on the mother's breast.[4] The unborn baby can become infected at any time during the pregnancy.[4] Most cases occur due to inadequate antenatal screening and treatment during pregnancy.[8] The baby is highly infectious if the rash and snuffles are present.[4] The disease may be suspected from tests on the mother; blood tests and ultrasound.[9] Tests on the baby may include blood tests, CSF analysis and medical imaging.[10] Findings may reveal anemia and low platelets.[4] Other findings may include low sugars, proteinuria and hypopituitarism.[4] The placenta may appear large and pale.[4] Other investigations include testing for HIV.[10]
Prevention is by safe sex to prevent syphilis in the mother, and early screening and treatment of syphilis in pregnancy.[6] One intramuscular injection of benzathine penicillin G administered to a pregnant woman early in the illness can prevent congenital syphilis in her baby.[11] Treatment of suspected congenital syphilis is with penicillin by injection; benzylpenicillin into vein, or procaine benzylpenicillin into muscle.[3][10] During times of penicillin unavailability, ceftriaxone may be an alternative.[10] Where there is penicillin allergy, antimicrobial desensitisation is an option.[10][12]
Syphilis affects around one million pregnancies a year.[13] In 2016, there were around 473 cases of congenital syphilis per 100,000 live births and 204,000 deaths from the disease worldwide.[14] Of the 660,000 congenital syphilis cases reported in 2016, 143,000 resulted in deaths of unborn babies, 61,000 deaths of newborn babies, 41,000 low birth weights or preterm births, and 109,000 young children diagnosed with congenital syphilis.[15] Around 75% were from the WHO's African and Eastern Mediterranean regions.[2] Serological tests for syphilis were introduced in 1906, and it was later shown that transmission occurred from the mother.[16]
Untreated early syphilis infections results in a high risk of poor pregnancy outcomes, including saddle nose, lower extremity abnormalities, miscarriages, premature births, stillbirths, or death in newborns. Some infants with congenital syphilis have symptoms at birth, but many develop symptoms later. Symptoms may include rash, fever, large liver and spleen, and skeletal abnormalities.[17] Newborns will typically not develop a primary syphilitic chancre but may present with signs of secondary syphilis (i.e. generalized body rash). Often these babies will develop syphilitic rhinitis ("snuffles"), the mucus from which is laden with the T. pallidum bacterium, and therefore highly infectious. If a baby with congenital syphilis is not treated early, damage to the bones, teeth, eyes, ears, and brain can occur.[17]
Neurosyphilis in newborns may present as cranial nerve palsies, cerebral infarcts (strokes), seizures or eye abnormalities.[18]
Many newborns with congenital syphilis, 55% by some estimates, do not exhibit any symptoms initially, with signs and symptoms developing days to months later.[18]
Newborns may be asymptomatic and are only identified on routine prenatal screening. If not identified and treated, these newborns develop poor feeding and runny nose.[17] By definition, early congenital syphilis occurs in children between 0 and 2 years old.[19]
Congenital syphilis that is diagnosed after 2 years of age, either because it was not diagnosed earlier or because it was incompletely treated, is classified as late congenital syphilis.[19] The signs of late congenital syphilis tend to reflect early damage to developing tissues that does not become apparent until years later,[20] such as Hutchinson's triad of Hutchinson's teeth (notched incisors), keratitis and deafness.[21][22]
Symptoms include:[21]
Treatment (with penicillin) before the development of late symptoms is essential.[23]
Clinical signs include:
Death from congenital syphilis is usually due to bleeding into the lungs.[citation needed]
Syphilis may be transmitted from mother to the fetus during any stage of pregnancy.[18] It is most commonly transmitted via cross placental transfer of Treponema pallidum bacteria from mother to the fetus during pregnancy with transmission via exposure to genital lesions during childbirth being less common.[18] The highest rate of transmission occurs in mothers with early syphilis (infection present for less than 1 year), which is responsible for 50-70% of infections, with syphilis being present for more than 1 year thought to be responsible for about 15% of transmission.[18] It is not transmitted during breastfeeding unless there is an open sore on the mother's breast.[4]
Direct observation of Treponema pallidum from one of the lesions in the mother or infant is diagnostic and can be carried out using dark field microscopy, direct fluorescent antibody testing or immunohistochemical staining, however these tests are not readily available in many settings.[18] Serological testing is more commonly carried out on the mother and the infant to diagnose maternal and congenital syphilis. In the mother, a serologic diagnosis of syphilis is made using a nontreponemal test for syphilis such as the Venereal Disease Research Laboratory test (VDRL) or Rapid plasma reagin (RPR) followed by a treponemal test, such as the Treponema pallidum particle agglutination assay (TP-PA) (the sequence of testing may be reversed with a treponemal test followed by a non-treponemal test in the reverse diagnostic sequence).[18] Positivity of both tests indicates active syphilis or previous infection that was treated.[18] Quantitative non-treponemal tests are monitored for disease activity and response to treatment, with RPR is expected to decrease by a factor of four compared to pre-treatment levels after successful treatment of syphilis in the mother.[18] Failure of non-treponemal titers to decrease after treatment may indicate treatment failure or re-infection.[18] A confirmed cure in the mother does not exclude the possibility of congenital syphilis as transmission to the fetus may have occurred prior to maternal cure.[18]
Diagnosis of congenital syphilis in the fetus is based on a combination of laboratory, imaging and physical exam findings. Ultrasound findings associated with congenital syphilis intrauterine infection (which are seen after 18 weeks gestation) include fetal hepatomegaly (enlarged liver)(seen in greater than 80% of cases), anemia (as measured by the peak systolic velocity of the middle cerebral artery)(33%), placentomegaly(an enlarged placenta)(27%), polyhydramnios (an excess of amniotic fluid in the amniotic sac)(12%) and hydrops fetalis (edema in the fetus)(10%).[18] The absence of these ultrasound findings does not rule out congenital syphilis in the fetus.[18] These ultrasound abnormalities usually resolve several weeks after successful treatment of syphilis in the mother.[18]
Immunohistochemical staining or nucleic acid amplification of the amniotic fluid may also aid in the diagnosis.[18] Diagnosis of syphilis in the neonate may be challenging as maternal treponemal antibodies (as non-treponemal titers) can cross the placenta and persist in the infant for many months after birth in the absence of neonatal syphilis, complicating the diagnosis.[18] The passively transferred non-treponemal titers should be cleared from the infant within 15 months of birth (with most titers being cleared by 6 months), and persistently elevated titers 6 months after birth should prompt investigation into neonatal syphilis including CSF analysis for neurosyphilis. Pleocytosis, raised CSF protein level and positive CSF serology suggest neurosyphilis.[31] CSF VDRL is 50-90% specific for neurosyphilis.[18] 60% of newborns with congenital syphilis also have neurosyphilis.[18] Non-treponemal titers should be monitored in the newborns every 2-3 months to ensure an adequate response to treatment.[18]
If a pregnant mother is identified as being infected with syphilis, treatment can effectively prevent congenital syphilis from developing in the fetus, especially if she is treated before the sixteenth week of pregnancy or at least 30 days prior to delivery.[18][2] Mothers with primary syphilis can be treated with a single dose of intramuscularly injected penicillin, whereas late-latent, secondary syphilis, or disease of an unknown duration is treated with once weekly penicillin injections for three weeks.[18] The mother's partner should also be evaluated and treated.[18]
The fetus is at greatest risk of contracting syphilis when the mother is in the early stages of infection, but the disease can be passed at any point during pregnancy, even during delivery. An affected child can be treated using antibiotics much like an adult; however, any developmental symptoms are likely to be permanent.[32]
The greater the duration between the infection of the mother and conception, the better the outcome for the infant including less chance of stillbirth or developing congenital syphilis.[33]
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends treating symptomatic or babies born to an infected mother with unknown treatment status with procaine penicillin G, 50,000 U/kg dose IM a day in a single dose for 10 days.[34] Treatment for these babies can vary on a case-by-case basis. Treatment cannot reverse any deformities, brain, or permanent tissue damage that has already occurred.[32]
A Cochrane review found that antibiotics may be effective for serological cure but in general the evidence around the effectiveness of antibiotics for congenital syphilis is uncertain due to the poor methodological quality of the small number of trials that have been conducted.[35]
Up to 40% of pregnant women treated for congenital syphilis will develop a Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction, which is a temporary reaction that usually occurs within a few hours of starting penicillin and resolves by 24 hours. The reaction is characterized by cramping, fever, muscle aches and a rash. Treatment is supportive and fetal heart rate monitoring is recommended.[18]
Syphilis affects around one million pregnancies a year.[13] In 2016, there were around 473 cases of congenital syphilis per 100,000 live births and 204,000 deaths from the disease worldwide.[14] Of the 660,000 congenital syphilis cases reported in 2016, 143,000 resulted in deaths of unborn babies, 61,000 deaths of newborn babies, 41,000 low birth weights or preterm births, and 109,000 young children diagnosed with congenital syphilis.[15] Around 75% were from the WHO's African and Eastern Mediterranean regions.[2]
Cases of congenital syphilis in the United States have been rising since the early 2010s. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) reported 918 cases for 2017, which is more than twice the yearly incidence of the preceding four years.[36] The incidence in the United States has increased by 754% from 2012 to 2021 with a higher incidence seen in those with a lower socioeconomic status, as well as Black people, Native Americans and Native Hawaiians.[18] Reports in 2023 show a rise of more than 900 percent in Mississippi over the preceding five years.[37]
Congenital syphilis was first described in Europe during the fifteenth century by the Spanish physician Gaspar Torrella [es].[18][38] Nineteenth century physicians held the belief that congenital syphilis was contracted from contaminated semen at time of conception.[16] Serological tests for syphilis were introduced in 1906, and it was later shown that transmission occurred from the mother.[16]
Media related to Congenital syphilis at Wikimedia Commons
The Piper PA-16 Clipper is an extended fuselage model of the PA-15 Vagabond.[1] Both models were designed in 1947 for the same reason – Piper Aircraft found itself in dire financial straits and needed to create new, competitive models using existing parts and tooling. The result was the Vagabond, essentially a side-by-side version of the tandem J-3 Cub credited with saving the company.[2]
The PA-16 Clipper is a stretched and refined version of the Vagabond intended to seat four people[1] (or "two-and-a-half to three" as often told by Clipper pilots). It is equipped with an extra wing tank, added doors to accommodate the new seating, and a Lycoming O-235, the same engine that would later power the Cessna 152. The PA-16 Clipper retained the control sticks that had up to that point been common in aircraft derived from the "Cub" family.
In 1949, the Clipper sold for $2995. The average four-place airplane on the market at that time cost over $5000.  Only 736 Clippers were built in the one year of production before Piper changed to the Piper PA-20 Pacer.[3]
Pan Am Airlines, which traditionally called its famous luxury airliners "Clippers", took offense at Piper using the name for its light aircraft. As a result of this pressure Piper further refined the model, adding wing flaps, further fuel tanks and replaced the control sticks with yokes. A more powerful Lycoming O-290 125 hp engine was installed and this model became the Piper PA-20 Pacer.[1][2]
Despite the low number of aircraft built, according to the Federal Aviation Administration, in April 2018 there were still 303 examples in service in the United States.[4]
Data from Plane and Pilot:1978 Aircraft Directory and Fonden Danmarks Flymuseum.[1][2]
General characteristics
Performance
Avionics
Originally none were fitted. Many now have VHF Nav-com radios, GPS and transponders installed.
Related development
Aircraft of comparable role, configuration, and era

James Tattersall was an English footballer who played in the Football League for Accrington.[1]
James Tattersall was born on 3 June 1867 in Accrington.
James Tattersall signed for Accrington, probably in 1888. (There is no record of the exact date) James Tattersall, playing at wing—half, made his League and (possibly Club) debut on 22 September 1888 at the County Ground, the then home of Derby County. The match ended as a 1–1 draw. James Tattersall appeared in 17 of the 22 League matches played by Accrington in season 1888–89. James Tattersall, playing at centre—half (14 appearances), played in a defence that achieved one clean—sheet and restricted the opposition to one—League—goal—in—a—match on four separate occasions.[2]
James Tattersall second season was the most successful as Accrington finished sixth[3] in the Football League. Tattersall played 21 (out of 22 League matches), 20 at Left-Half and one at Right-Half.[4] He did not score a goal.[5] He also played at Left-Half in all three FA Cup ties.[6] At the end of the season he had made 38 Football League appearances, all for Accrington.[7]
James Tattersall remained a key figure in the Accrington set—up until the club' demise in 1893. He made another 83 League appearances from 1889 to 1893 scoring two League goals. He also played nine FA Cup ties from 1889 to 1893. When he left Accrington to join Southport Central Tattersall had played 100 League matches, scoring two and 11 FA Cup ties.[8]
Source:[9]

This biographical article related to association football in England, about a defender born in the 1860s, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Otto Jancsik (born 1899, date of death unknown) was an Austrian footballer.[1] He played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1925 to 1926.[2]
This biographical article relating to Austrian association football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Abu Zubair al-Masri was a top Al-Qaeda operative originally from Egypt. He was an explosives expert.  He was killed in a drone attack on  November 22, 2008 in village of Ali Khel in North Waziristan.[1]  He was holding an operational meeting with 4 others including Rashid Rauf who also were killed.[2] The information about the location of al-Masri was provided to the Americans by Pakistani authorities [3]
This Egyptian biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Aviomilano CPV1, also known as the Arlecchino (English: Harlequin), was an Italian high performance sailplane built in the early 1960s. Only one was built.
The joint designers and builders of the CPV1 were a glider pilot, Amletto Zaneti and the owner of Aviamilano, Mario Vietri.  The design emphasised high performance in both weak and strong thermals.[1] It was built at the Polytechnic University of Milan's  Centre for Flight (Italian: Centro Politecnico del Volo (CPV)), hence its name.[2]
Structurally the CPV1 was a wooden aircraft, covered in a mixture of plywood and fabric.  It had a long span, high aspect ratio, cantilever wing, which was straight tapered and had squared tipss.  It was built around a single main spar,  with ply covering forward of it to and around the leading edge forming a torsion resistant D-box.  Aft of the spar the wing was fabric covered.  Inboard of long ailerons, which occupied about half the span, there were Fowler flaps and also mid chord spoilers.  The wing carried some dihedral and was attached to the fuselage at the shoulder wing position.[1][3]
The CPV1 had an ovoid cross-section, plywood skinned fuselage.  A long, single seat cockpit with a two piece canopy following the fuselage contours was placed ahead of the leading edge.  Under it a landing skid reached aft to a retractable single wheel, fitted with a brake, under the forward wing.  The fuselage tapered rearwards to a straight tapered tail with fabric covered control surfaces.  The fin and rudder were tall, the rudder reaching down to the keel.  The tailplane and elevators were at the top of the fuselage, far enough forward not to overlap with the rudder.[1]
The sole CPV1 first flew in 1963.[1][2]
Data from Jane's All the World's Aircraft 1966-67 p.394[3]
General characteristics
Performance



Neorina patria, the white owl, is a species of satyrine butterfly found in India (Assam), Burma, Thailand, Laos and Vietnam.[1]

This Elymniini article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Kullaaru is a village in Rakvere Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.[1]
Writer Eduard Bornhöhe (1862–1923) was born in Kullaaru Manor.
59°21′N 26°19′E﻿ / ﻿59.350°N 26.317°E﻿ / 59.350; 26.317
This Lääne-Viru County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The agouti gene, the  Agouti-signaling protein (ASIP) is responsible for variations in color in many species. Agouti works with extension to regulate the color of melanin which is produced in hairs. The agouti protein causes red to yellow pheomelanin to be produced, while the competing molecule α-MSH signals production of brown to black eumelanin. In wildtype mice, alternating cycles of agouti and α-MSH production cause agouti coloration. Each hair has bands of yellow which grew during agouti production, and black which grew during α-MSH production. Wildtype mice also have light-colored bellies. The hairs there are a creamy color the whole length because the agouti protein was produced the whole time the hairs were growing.[1][2]
In mice and other species, loss of function mutations generally cause a darker color, while gain of function mutations cause a yellower coat.[3]
As of 1979, there were 17 known alleles of agouti in mice.[4]
This is not a complete list of mouse agouti alleles.
The nonagouti allele a is unusually likely to revert to the black-and-tan allele at or to the white-bellied agouti allele AW.[5]
Agouti production is regulated by multiple different promoter regions, capable of promoting transcription just in the ventral (belly) area, as seen in white-bellied agouti and black-and-tan mice, or all across the body but just during a specific part of the hair growth cycle, as seen in agouti and white-bellied agouti.[6]
Lethal yellow and viable yellow cause obesity, features of type II diabetes, and a higher likelihood of tumors.[2] In normal mice Agouti is only expressed in the skin during hair growth, but these dominant yellow mutations cause it to be expressed in other tissues including liver, muscle, and fat.[7] The mahogany locus interacts with Agouti and a mutation there can override the pigmentation and body weight effects of lethal yellow.[8]
Viable yellow agouti mice can inherit epigenetic differences from their dam affecting how yellow or brown they become.[9]
The mouse agouti gene is found on chromosome 2.[2]
In dogs, the agouti gene is associated with various coat colors and patterns.[10]
The alleles at the A locus are related to the production of agouti-signaling protein (ASIP) and determine whether an animal expresses an agouti appearance and, by controlling the distribution of pigment in individual hairs, what type of agouti. There are four known alleles that occur at the A locus:
Most texts suggest that the dominance hierarchy for the A locus alleles appears to be as follows: Ay > aw > at > a; however, research suggests the existence of pairwise dominance/recessiveness relationships in different families and not the existence of a single hierarchy in one family.[16]
A 2021 study found distinct genetic causes for fawn and sable, which it refers to as "dominant yellow" and "shaded yellow". Both have a more active hair cycle promoter than the wildtype agouti, but dominant yellow also has a more active ventral promoter. The hair cycle promoter involved in these colors is thought to have arisen about 2 million years ago in an extinct species of canid, which later hybridized with wolves.[17]
The dominant, wild-type A allows hairs to be banded with black and red (revealing the underlying tabby pattern), while the recessive non-agouti or "hypermelanistic" allele, a, causes black pigment production throughout the growth cycle of the hair.[18] Thus, the non-agouti genotype (aa) masks or hides the tabby pattern, although sometimes a suggestion of the underlying pattern can be seen (called "ghost striping"), especially in kittens. The sex-linked orange coloration is epistatic over agouti, and prevents the production of black pigment.
In normal horses, ASIP restricts the production of eumelanin to the "points": the legs, mane, tail, ear edges, etc.[21] In 2001, researchers discovered a recessive mutation on ASIP that, when homozygous, left the horse without any functional ASIP. As a result, horses capable of producing true black pigment had uniformly black coats.[22] The dominant, wildtype allele producing bay is symbolized as A, while the recessive allele producing black is symbolized as a. Extension is epistatic over agouti and will cause chestnut coloration regardless of what agouti alleles are present.
The cause behind the various shades of bay, particularly the genetic factors responsible for wild bay and seal brown, have been contested for over 50 years. In 1951, zoologist Miguel Odriozola published "A los colores del caballo" in which he suggested four possible alleles for the "A" gene, A+, A, At, and a, in order of most dominant to least.[23]
This was accepted until the 1990s, when a different hypothesis became popular.[24] It proposed that shades of bay were caused by many different genes, some which lightened the coat, some which darkened it. This theory also suggested that seal brown horses were black horses with a trait called pangare.[25] Pangaré is an ancestral trait also called "mealy", which outlines the soft or communicative parts of the horse in buff tan.
The combination of black and pangaré was dismissed as the cause of seal brown in 2001, when a French research team published Mutations in the agouti (ASIP), the extension (MC1R), and the brown (TYRP1) loci and their association to coat color phenotypes in horses (Equus caballus). This study used a DNA test to identify the recessive a allele on the Agouti locus, and found that none of the horses fitting the phenotype of seal brown were homozygous for the a allele.[22][26]
In 2007 one genetics lab began offering a test for what they believed was a marker for seal brown, and later for an agouti allele which they believed caused the brown color.[27][28] However, the underlying research was never published and the test was suspended by 2015 due to unreliable results.[29][30]
The genetic alleles that create seal brown and wildtype bay remain unknown. It is still hypothesized that to some extent, the darkening of coat color in some bays may be regulated by unrelated genes for traits like "sooty".[31]
Most donkeys have creamy to gray-white areas on the belly and around the muzzle and eyes, called light points or pangare. However, a recessive variant of agouti causes those areas to be the same color as the body in a pattern called no light points or NLP, which is similar to recessive black in other mammals. This allele can be found in Norman donkeys and American miniature donkeys.[32]
In rabbits, the wildtype is agouti with a light belly, and a recessive non-agouti allele causes a black coat. A third allele, possibly a mutation to a regulator or promoter region, is thought to cause black and tan color. The nonagouti allele is estimated to have first appeared before 1700.[3]
Agouti is linked to the wideband gene, with about a 30% crossover rate.[33]
Like white bellied agouti mice, rabbits with wildtype agouti produce transcripts with different untranslated 5' ends that have different dorsal and ventral expression. The 1A exon is only expressed in the belly region and may be responsible for the lighter color there.[3]In Greek mythology, Chlidanope (Ancient Greek:  Χλιδανώπης) was the naiad wife of King Hypseus of Lapiths, son of the river-god Peneus.[1][2] The couple had four daughters: Cyrene,[3] Themisto,[4] Alcaea[2] and Astyagyia.[5]

This article relating to a Greek deity is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.HB 18 also known as Securing Children Online Through Parental Empowerment Act or just The SCOPE Act is an American law in Texas. The law requires internet platforms to verify the age of a parent or guardian of accounts if they are signed in as under 18. It also requires parental consent before collecting the data on minors under 18 years of age. Which is an increase from the age set at the federal level under COPPA which is 13. It also requires platforms to block and filter if the content promotes suicide, self-harm, eating disorders, substance abuse, stalking, bullying, or harassment, or grooming.[1][2][3][4][5]
On July 30, 2024, The trade associations The Computer and Communications Industry Association and NetChoice filed a lawsuit against Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton to the to block enforcement of the law to The Western District Court of Texas.[6] Judge Robert Pitman on August 30, 2024, blocked the block and filtering content requirements of the law. However, let the rest of the law take effect as the Plaintiffs didn't show evidence that the other parts of the law were unconstitutional.[7][8][9]
On August 16, 2024, FIRE helped 4 plaintiffs to sue the Attorney General Ken Paxton. alleging that the law violated the first amendment.[10][11]
On October 3, 2024 Ken Paxton sued TikTok for violating The SCOPE Act demanding a trial and for penalties of up to 10,000 dollars per violation. TikTok denies that it violated the law.[12][13][14][15]"Stroke You Up" is a song by American R&B duo Changing Faces that was recorded for their eponymous debut album (1994). The song was released as the album's debut single on July 14, 1994.[1] It was certified platinum by the RIAA and sold 700,000 copies domestically.[1][2] It features uncredited vocals from R. Kelly.  A remix version also written and produced by Kelly, which originally appeared on the soundtrack to the 1994 Keenen Ivory Wayans film A Low Down Dirty Shame.
Information taken from Discogs.[3]
Benjamin Giezendanner (German pronunciation: [bɛnjaˈmiːn ˈɡiːzəndaˌnɛr]; born 22 April 1982) is a Swiss businessman and politician who currently serves as a member of the National Council (Switzerland) for the Swiss People's Party (SVP) since 2019.[1] He previously served on the Grand Council of Aargau being elected as the youngest member only aged 18 in 2001.[2][3] In the 2023 Swiss federal election he was a candidate for Council of States (Switzerland), but lost election against Marianne Binder-Keller.[4][5][6] Giezendanner is the youngest son of former National Councillor Ulrich Giezendanner (b. 1953) and brother of incumbent Grand Councillor Stefan Giezendanner (b. 1978).
Giezendanner was born 22 April 1982 in Langenthal, Switzerland, the youngest of three children to Ulrich Giezendanner, businessman and former politician, and his first wife Helene Giezendanner (née Rüegger; d. 1997).[7] His oldest brother, Oliver, died in early childhood.[8]
His paternal family originally hailed from Wattwil, St. Gallen, Switzerland. His grandfather Johann Ulrich Giezendanner formed Giezendanner Group in 1934, which specializes in transportation and logistics. A maternal great-grandfather was among the founders of Stahlrohr A.-G. (which would later be integrated into Benteler International).[9]
Giezendanner was raised in Rothrist, Switzerland, where he attended the local schools. He completed a banking apprenticeship at UBS in Aarau.[10] After spending nine months in San Diego, California, he returned to Switzerland, where he studied Economics at the University of St. Gallen (Licentiate I).[11] However, he did not graduate.[12][13]
After several years in banking, he took-over management of the family business in 2008 alongside his elder brother Stefan. He has been a controlling shareholder of the group since 2017 after his father Ulrich Giezendanner officially retired but remained on the board of directors. In the same year it became public, that the brothers will not continue to work together, and Stefan will step back from management by the end of 2018, due to internal discrepancies.[14]
Since 2018, Giezendanner has served as Chief executive officer of the Giezendanner companies headquartered in Rothrist, Switzerland with foreign subsidiaries in Cologne, Germany and Busto-Arsizio, Italy.[15] Handelszeitung estimated the annual turnover at CHF 60-70m ($65m to 75m in 2023).[16] Additionally he serves as the president of the Argovian Commercial Fund Association (German: Aargauischer Gewerbefonds).[17]
In 2001, Giezendanner was elected to the Grand Council of Aargau. At the age of 18 he was the youngest elected councillor of all time. On October 23, 2016, he achieved the best result with 6049 votes in the elections for the Grand Council in the Zofingen District. In 2017, he was elected Speaker of Parliament with 134 out of 135 votes.[18][19] In October 2019, Giezendanner ran in the elections to the National Council[20] and was elected, subsequently he resigned from his position in the Grand Council which he held for over 16 years.[21]
Benjamin Giezendanner's political focus is on trade and economic policy, transport and security policy as well as family policy. He has been a board member of the Aargau Trade Association since 2016 and President since 2020.[22][23] He has been a member of the board of trustees of the Aargau Foundation for Freedom and Responsibility in Politics and Business since 2015.[24]
In 2022, Giezendanner made public, that he intents to campaign for a seat on the Council of States.[25][26][27] During the 2023 Swiss federal election which was held on 23 October 2023, Giezendanner missed direct election and was ultimately selected for second ballot elections which was held in November.[28][29] He ultimately lost the election against Marianne Binder-Keller, who was elected with 84,431 votes, missing roughly 5,000 votes.[30]
He is married to Jasmine (née Litschi[31]) Giezendanner, who also grew-up in Rothrist, and has three daughters. They reside in Rothrist, Switzerland.[32]
In the Swiss Armed Forces he holds the rank as captain.J. Matha Gowder was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Indian National Congress candidate from Coonoor constituency in 1957, and 1962 elections.[1][2]
He was also Member of Parliament elected from Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Lok Sabha from Nilgiris constituency as a Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate in 1971 election.[3]

This article about a Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Marilyn Chin (陈美玲) is a prominent Chinese American[1] poet, writer, activist,[2] and feminist,[3][4] as well as an editor and Professor of English. She is well-represented in major canonical anthologies and textbooks and her work is taught all over the world. Marilyn Chin's work is a frequent subject of academic research[5][6] and literary criticism.[7][8] Marilyn Chin has read her poetry at the Library of Congress.[9]
She grew up in Portland, Oregon, after her family emigrated from Hong Kong. She received an M.F.A. from the University of Iowa and a B.A. from  University of Massachusetts[10] Her poetry focuses on social issues, especially those related to Asian American[11] feminism and bi-cultural identity.[12]
Marilyn Chin has won numerous awards for her poetry, including the United Artists Foundation Fellowship, the Radcliffe Institute Fellowship at Harvard, the Rockefeller Foundation Fellowship at Bellagio, the SeaChange fellowship from the Gaia Foundation, two National Endowment for the Arts grants, the Stegner Fellowship, the PEN Oakland/Josephine Miles Literary Award, five Pushcart Prizes, a Fulbright Fellowship to Taiwan and the Anisfield-Wolf Book Award.[13]
She is featured in several authoritative anthologies, including The Norton Anthology of Modern and Contemporary Poetry,[14] The Norton Anthology of Literature by Women,[15] The Norton Introduction to Poetry, The Oxford Anthology of Modern American Poetry, Unsettling America, The Open Boat and The Penguin Anthology of 20th Century American Poetry.
She was interviewed by Bill Moyers and featured in his PBS series "The Language of Life."[16] Her poem “The Floral Apron” was introduced by Garrison Keillor on the PBS special “Poetry Everywhere."[17]” It was also chosen by the BBC to represent the region of Hong Kong during the 2012 Olympics in London.
Marilyn Chin is professor emerita at the Department of English and Comparative Literature at San Diego State University.[18] In January 2018, she was elected a Chancellor of the Academy of American Poets.[18]
Chin's work is the subject of a number of scholarly essays. A recent one explores the ironic voices in "Rhapsody in Plain Yellow" that challenge self-hatred and self colonization.[24]
The Registrar of Companies (ROC) is an office under the Indian Ministry of Corporate Affairs that deals with administration of the Companies Act, 2013, The Limited Liability Partnership Act, 2008, The Company Secretaries Act, 1980 and The Chartered Accountants Act, 1949. These officers are from Indian Corporate Law Service cadre. 'ICLS' is an organised Group A service recruitment of which is done by UPSC through Civil Service Examination since 2009 along with other services like IRS, IAS & IPS etc.[1] There are currently 25 Registrars of Companies (ROC) operating from offices in all major states of India. Some states, such as Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu, have two ROCs each. Also in some places unified ROC offices staffed by senior Group A ICLS officers are located in capital cities like Jammu and Srinagar. Section 609 of the Companies Act, 1956 tasks the ROCs with the primary duty of registering companies and LLPs floated in the respective states and the union territories under their administration.
The ROCs also ensure that LLPs comply with the statutory requirements under the LLP Act. The office of the ROC maintains a registry of records related to companies registered with them, and permits the general public to access this data on payment of a fee. The Union Government maintains administrative control over ROCs through Regional Directors. There are 7 Regional Directors, and they supervise the functioning of ROCs within their respective regions.[2]
The Registrar of Companies  takes care of company registration (also known as incorporation) in India, completes reporting and regulation of companies and their directors and shareholders, and also oversees government reporting of various matters including the annual filling of various documents.

This article about the law of India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Takeshi Hamada (濱田 武, Hamada Takeshi, born 21 December 1982) is a former Japanese football player.[1]
Kamada was born in Osaka on 21 December 1982. He joined J1 League club Cerezo Osaka from youth team in 2001. He could not play at all in the match in J1 League and Cerezo was relegated to J2 League end of 2001 season. He debuted in 2001 Emperor's Cup in December and Cerezo won the 2nd place. In 2002, he played many matches as defensive midfielder and Cerezo was returned to J1 in a year. Although he became a regular player, he played many matches from 2003 and won the 2nd place 2003 Emperor's Cup. However he could hardly play in the match in 2005. In September 2005, he moved to J2 club Sagan Tosu on loan. He became a regular player soon and played many matches until 2006. In 2007, he returned to Cerezo which was relegated to J2 from 2007. He played many matches and Cerezo was promoted to J1 end of 2009 season. However he moved to J2 club Tokushima Vortis in 2010. He played as regular player and Vortis was promoted to J1 end of 2013 season first time in the club history. However Vortis finished at the bottom place in 2014 season and was relegated to J2 in a year. His opportunity to play decreased from 2016 season and he retired end of 2017 season.[2]
[3]

This biographical article related to a Japanese association football midfielder born in the 1980s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The National Hockey League (NHL) endured a tumultuous period of history between 1992 and 2017. It grew from 22 teams at the start of this period to 30 at the end, as the league expanded across the United States. Repeated labour conflicts interrupted play in 1992, 1994–95, 2004–05 and 2012–13; the second lockout caused the entire 2004–05 NHL season to be canceled, the first time in North American history that a sports league has canceled an entire season in a labour dispute. Nine franchises were added between 1991 and 2000, comprising the San Jose Sharks, Ottawa Senators, Tampa Bay Lightning, Florida Panthers, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim, Nashville Predators, Atlanta Thrashers, Columbus Blue Jackets and the Minnesota Wild. In addition to expansion teams, five franchises have relocated during this time: the Minnesota North Stars became the Dallas Stars (1993), the Quebec Nordiques became the Colorado Avalanche (1995), the Winnipeg Jets became the Phoenix Coyotes (1996), the Hartford Whalers became the Carolina Hurricanes (1997), and the Atlanta Thrashers became the second franchise known as the Winnipeg Jets (2011). In 1999, Wayne Gretzky retired from hockey.
Internationally, the Canada Cup gave way to the World Cup of Hockey in 1996, while NHL players first competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics. To promote itself worldwide, the NHL played regular season games in Japan in 1996, and throughout Europe since 2007. The league played its first outdoor regular season game between the Canadiens and the host Edmonton Oilers in 2003 and which led to the creation of three series of outdoor games: the Heritage Classic, Winter Classic and Stadium Series.
Increased use of defence-focused systems contributed to decreased scoring in the late 1990s, leading some to argue that the NHL's talent pool had been diluted by the 1990 expansion plan. The league has attempted several times to alter its rules to increase scoring. It began awarding teams a single point for losing in overtime in 1999, hoping to reduce the number of tie games. In 2005, ties were eliminated altogether as the penalty shootout was introduced to ensure that all games have a winner.
As the 1990s began, players were uneasy with the closeness between National Hockey League Players Association (NHLPA) executive director Alan Eagleson and the teams' owners. As a result, Eagleson stepped down in December 1991, and was replaced by Bob Goodenow.[1]  Four years later, the Federal Bureau of Investigation indicted Eagleson on charges of racketeering, fraud, embezzlement, kickbacks and obstruction of justice over allegations that he stole millions of dollars from the NHLPA. Eagleson pleaded guilty in 1998 in a plea bargain and was fined US$1 million and sentenced to 18 months in prison.[2]  He subsequently resigned from the Hockey Hall of Fame.[1]
Four months after replacing Eagleson, Goodenow and the NHLPA launched the first NHL strike on April 1, 1992. It lasted ten days and resulted in the players receiving larger playoff bonuses, increased control over the licensing of their likenesses and improved rights to free agency; all canceled games were also rescheduled. It also led the owners to dismiss league president John Ziegler and replace him on an interim basis with Gil Stein. Goodenow called the strike a major moment, stating "I don't think the owners took the players seriously and it wasn't until the strike that they understood the players were serious."[3] As part of the deal, the league also agreed to have each team play two games per season for the following two years in neutral site locations, partially to help gauge markets for potential expansion.[4]
Desiring a fresh start, Gary Bettman was installed in February 1993. Formerly a senior vice president of the National Basketball Association, Bettman became the first commissioner.[3]  He was given the task of selling the game to the American market, ending labor unrest, completing expansion plans, and modernizing the league.[5]
The Tampa Bay Lightning and Ottawa Senators joined the league in 1992–93 as part of the owners' 1990 plan to expand the NHL to 28 teams within a decade.[6]  The Lightning made NHL history when goaltender Manon Rhéaume played a period of an exhibition game for them on September 23, 1992.  Rhéaume became the first woman to play in an NHL game.  She also became the first woman to sign a professional hockey contract, doing so with the Lightning's farm team, the Atlanta Knights.[7] One year later, the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and Florida Panthers began play as the NHL's 25th and 26th franchises.  They were established as part of the NHL's attempt to regain a U.S. network television presence by expanding into southern North America.  The league expected that bringing in Blockbuster Video's Wayne Huizenga to own the Panthers, and The Walt Disney Company to own the Mighty Ducks would raise its profile.[8] The NHL's southward push continued in 1993 when the Minnesota North Stars moved to Dallas, Texas to become the Dallas Stars.[9]
The NHL celebrated the 100th anniversary of the Stanley Cup in 1993. That year's finals featured Patrick Roy and the Montreal Canadiens against Wayne Gretzky and the Los Angeles Kings.  After losing the first game, the Canadiens rallied from a late deficit to win game two in overtime after the Kings' Marty McSorley was penalized for using an illegal stick. Montreal scored on the power play, sending the game into overtime.[10] Montreal won games three and four in overtime en route to winning the series in five games. The Canadiens won an NHL-record ten consecutive overtime games in the 1993 playoffs.[11]
The New York Rangers ended their "Curse of 1940" after 54 years by winning the 1994 Stanley Cup in seven games over the Vancouver Canucks. The Rangers' championship was the last hurrah for the great Edmonton Oilers dynasty of the 1980s, as there were seven ex-Oilers on the team,[12] including Mark Messier, who became the first (and to this date, the only) player to win Stanley Cups as the captain for two franchises, having captained the Oilers to the last of their five Stanley Cups in 1990. The Rangers' victory also resulted in the first Russian names to be engraved on the Stanley Cup: Alexei Kovalev, Alexander Karpovtsev, Sergei Nemchinov, and Sergei Zubov.[13] The global audience of 285 million in 120 countries that watched the Rangers' victory included a huge European audience, including those watching across the former Soviet Union.[13][14] This Stanley Cup win was the highest-rated single CBC Sports program in history to that point, a distinction that now belongs to the men's ice hockey gold medal game between Canada and the United States at the 2002 Winter Olympics, when Canada won its first Olympic ice hockey gold medal since the 1952 Winter Olympics[15] CBC commentator Bob Cole, who called both games,[16] said that game seven was one of his most memorable TV games.[16][17]
Four months later, the players were locked out by the owners due to the lack of a Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA). The 1994–95 NHL lockout lasted 104 days and resulted in the season's being shortened from a planned 84 games to 48.[18] The owners wanted to control salary growth and insisted on a salary cap, changes to free agency and salary arbitration. The union instead proposed a luxury tax system that would penalize teams that spent above a set figure on player salaries.[18] The negotiations were at times bitter, as defenceman Chris Chelios famously issued a veiled threat against Bettman, suggesting that he should be "worried about [his] family and [his] well-being", because "some crazed fans, or even a player [...] might take matters into their own hands and figure they get Bettman out of the way."[19]
The lockout entered its fourth month in January 1995 and approached a deadline that would have canceled the season when the two sides agreed to an 11th-hour deal.[20] The owners failed to achieve a full salary cap, but the union agreed to a cap on rookie contracts, changes to the arbitration system and restrictive rules for free agency that would not grant a player the unrestricted right to choose where he played until age 31.[18] The deal was initially seen as a victory for the owners.[21]
The agreement was not enough to save two teams in Canada's smallest NHL markets. The revenue disparity between large and small market teams, exacerbated by the falling value of the Canadian dollar, led the Winnipeg Jets to relocate to Phoenix, Arizona in 1996, becoming the Coyotes one year after the Quebec Nordiques moved to Denver, Colorado to become the Colorado Avalanche.[22] Hoping to prevent other teams from leaving Canada, and citing the cost of doing business in American dollars while taking revenue in Canadian dollars, the NHL set up a currency assistance plan to support the remaining small market Canadian teams in 1996.[23] The Hartford Whalers became the third former World Hockey Association team to relocate in 1997, moving to Raleigh, North Carolina, to become the Carolina Hurricanes.[24]
Following the 1994–95 lockout, the NHL entered a prolonged period of offensive decline. Throughout the 1980s, 7.6 goals were scored per game on average. That figure had dropped below six goals per game by the 1994–95 season, and to 5.19 by 1998–99.[25] There have been many arguments put forth as to what caused this decline. A common claim is that the drop in offence was due to dilution of talent caused by  1990s expansion, a position former player Brett Hull endorsed.[26] Increased use of the neutral zone trap and similar defensive systems were also blamed.[27] The New Jersey Devils have often been criticized for popularizing the trap, using it to win the Stanley Cup in 1995.[28] This period has been called the dead puck era.[27][29]
The Canada Cup gave way to the World Cup of Hockey in 1996, an NHL-sanctioned eight team international tournament featuring the top professionals in the world. The inaugural tournament saw the United States upset the favored Canadians in a three-game final.[30] That same year, the Avalanche won their first Stanley Cup in their first season in Denver, sweeping the Florida Panthers.[31] One year later, the Detroit Red Wings ended a 42-year drought, capturing their first Stanley Cup since 1955.[32]  The Red Wings' celebration was cut short, as defenseman Vladimir Konstantinov and team masseur Sergei Mnatsakanov were seriously injured when their limousine crashed six days following the victory.[33] The Red Wings dedicated the 1997–98 season to the two. Upon repeating as champions in 1998, they brought Konstantinov, who had suffered severe brain damage in the crash, out in a wheelchair to celebrate with the team on the ice.[34]
The NHL added four expansion teams to increase the total number of clubs to 30. Continuing its expansion into the southern United States, the Nashville Predators joined the league in 1998, followed by the Atlanta Thrashers in 1999.[24] The Minnesota Wild and Columbus Blue Jackets then began play in 2000.[24]
On April 18, 1999, Wayne Gretzky played his final NHL game, retiring as the league's all-time scoring leader and holding 61 NHL records.[35] His number, 99, was retired league-wide the following season.  The usual three-year waiting period between a player's retirement and his induction into the Hockey Hall of Fame was waived, and he was inducted in 1999.[36]
For marketing reasons, the NHL agreed to participate in the Winter Olympics starting in 1998. NHL players first competed at the Nagano Games.[37] Led by goaltender Dominik Hašek, the tournament was won by the Czech Republic. Hasek, who finished the tournament with a 0.97 goals against average (GAA) and a .961 save percentage over six games,[30] was the leading goaltender of the 1990s. His run of consecutive Vezina Trophies from 1994 to 1999 was interrupted only once, in 1996 by Jim Carey of the Washington Capitals.[38] Hasek won another Vezina Trophy in 2001, and two consecutive Lester B. Pearson and Hart Trophies in 1997 and 1998.[38][39][40]
The Panthers' trip to the Stanley Cup Finals in 1996 began a trend in which southern-based teams frequently appeared in the championship round. The Dallas Stars won the 1999 Stanley Cup over the Buffalo Sabres in controversial fashion: Brett Hull scored the Cup-winning goal in overtime of game six despite arguments that his foot was in the goal crease, which under the rules at the time would have disallowed the goal.[41] The Stars returned to the Finals in 2000, falling to the New Jersey Devils, who then lost to the Colorado Avalanche in 2001.[42][43] The Hurricanes first played in the Finals in 2002, losing to the Red Wings, while the Mighty Ducks reached the final in 2003, falling to the Devils.[44][45] In 2004, the Tampa Bay Lightning defeated the Calgary Flames to win the Cup.[46] Between 1995 and 2003, the Devils, Avalanche, and Red Wings won a combined eight Stanley Cups. The only team other than these to win the Stanley Cup between those years was the Dallas Stars in 1999.[47]
The Edmonton Oilers hosted the NHL's first regular season outdoor hockey game, the Heritage Classic, on November 22, 2003. The game against the Canadiens was held at Commonwealth Stadium before a then-record crowd of 57,167 fans who endured temperatures as low as −19 °C (−2 °F).[48]
When they selected him as the first overall draft pick in 1984, the Pittsburgh Penguins hoped that Mario Lemieux would improve the team's fortunes on the ice, and increase interest in the team in the Pittsburgh market.[49] Lemieux, who had scored 133 goals in his final season of junior hockey, recorded his first NHL goal in his first game on his first career shot against the Boston Bruins.[50] On December 31, 1988, Lemieux scored five goals, one in each of the five different ways possible: even strength, on the power play, short handed, on a penalty shot and into an empty net, a feat no player in league history has duplicated.[49]
Injuries and illness plagued Lemieux throughout his career. He played only 26 regular-season games in 1990–91 after surgery to repair a herniated disc in his back, but returned in time to score 44 points in the playoffs in leading the Penguins to their first Stanley Cup. Lemieux continued to struggle with back trouble the next season, though he still won the scoring title, and his second consecutive playoff MVP award in leading the Penguins to their second championship in 1992.[35] In 1993, he was diagnosed with cancer. Lemieux endured 22 radiation treatments in 30 days to treat non-Hodgkin lymphoma.[49] Only twelve hours after his final treatment, Lemieux returned to the Penguins, scoring a goal in his first game back.[35] A second surgery on his back cost Lemieux most of the 1993–94 season, and the entire 1994–95 campaign.[35] As a result of his injuries, Lemieux retired in 1997. He was immediately inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame; the three-year waiting period was waived by the Hall.[51]
Inspired by his son Austin's desire to see him play, Lemieux returned to the NHL in 2000–01, earning an assist on a Jaromir Jagr goal 33-seconds into his return,[35] and scoring one himself in the second period. He also became the first player-owner in NHL history; he had bought the Penguins in the summer of 1999 to save them from bankruptcy.[52] Lemieux finished the season with 35 goals and 76 points in 43 games.[53] Lemieux continued to battle injuries, missing the majority of the first half of the 2001–02 season, however, he returned to action in time to captain Team Canada to its first gold medal in 50 years at the 2002 Winter Olympics.[53] Injuries again forced his retirement, as Lemieux finally ended his career on January 24, 2006, with 690 goals and 1,723 points in 915 games.[49] Despite his injuries, Lemieux is widely regarded as one of the greatest players in NHL history. Hall of Famer Bobby Orr said that Lemieux was the most skilled player he had ever seen, while Mike Gartner said that if he had remained healthy, Lemieux would have scored 1,000 goals.[53]
By 2004, the owners were claiming that player salaries had grown much faster than revenues, and that the league as a whole lost over US$300 million in 2002–03.[54] Upon the expiry of the collective bargaining agreement (CBA), Gary Bettman announced that the players were again locked out to start the 2004–05 season.[55] As with the 1994–95 lockout, the owners were demanding a salary cap, which the players were unwilling to consider until the season was on the verge of being lost.  The players, for their part, offered a 24% salary rollback to keep the free-market system that was already in place.[55] On February 16, 2005, after a series of last minute offers failed, Bettman announced the cancellation of the entire season, making the NHL the first major North American league to cancel an entire season because of a labor stoppage.[56]
The season's cancellation led union president Trevor Linden and senior director Ted Saskin to take charge of negotiations from executive director Bob Goodenow.[57] By early July, the two sides had agreed to a new CBA.[55] The deal featured a hard salary cap, linked to a fixed percentage of league revenues, a 24% rollback on salaries, and unrestricted free agency beginning after seven years of service.[58]
The loss of the 2004–05 season led the NHL to institute a special lottery to determine the order of the 2005 draft, as there were no standings to base a drafting order from.[59] The Pittsburgh Penguins won the lottery, and selected Sidney Crosby, a highly prized prospect whose arrival to the NHL had been greatly anticipated.[59][60] Crosby and the Washington Capitals' Alex Ovechkin, the 2004 first overall pick, were expected to become the faces of the NHL as the league entered a new era.[61][62] Ovechkin was named the Calder Memorial Trophy winner as rookie of the year in 2005–06, while Crosby's presence helped Pittsburgh's attendance increase by 33%, over 4,000 fans per game.[63]
In the 2005–06 season, Ovechkin and Crosby began their careers. In their first three seasons, they each won both the Art Ross and Hart trophies; Crosby captured both in 2007[64] and Ovechkin in 2008.[65] The 2006 Stanley Cup Finals was the first time that franchises that originally played in the World Hockey Association (WHA) met in the Stanley Cup Finals, as the Oilers lost a seven-game series to the Hurricanes.[66] The following season, the Senators lost the finals in five games to the Ducks.[67] The three-year streak of Canadian teams in the finals was halted in the 2007–08 season, when the Red Wings defeated the Penguins for their fourth Stanley Cup in 11 years.[68]
The introduction of the salary cap in 2005 encouraged parity in the NHL, making it harder for teams to compete for the Stanley Cup every year.[69] Nevertheless, three franchises emerged to win multiple Stanley Cups each during this period. During the decade from 2008 to 2017, the Chicago Blackhawks, Los Angeles Kings and Pittsburgh Penguins combined for eight Stanley Cup wins.[70][71] At least one of the three teams or the Boston Bruins appeared in every Stanley Cup Finals in that time frame.
The Pittsburgh Penguins lost to the Red Wings for the 2008 Stanley Cup, but returned in 2009 for a rematch with the defending champions.[72] The Penguins would return the favor, capturing their third Stanley Cup championship in Game Seven. Seven years later, in 2016, the Penguins won their fourth Cup against the San Jose Sharks,[73] then repeated the feat in 2017 against the Predators, becoming the first back-to-back champion since the 1998 Red Wings.[71]
The Chicago Blackhawks also had its share of struggles to begin the 2000s, but the team's fortunes soon changed after drafting Jonathan Toews third overall in 2006 and Patrick Kane first overall in 2007.[74][75] The duo of Toews and Kane helped the Blackhawks end a 49-year Cup drought in 2010 by defeating the Flyers in six games.[76] It was then followed by two more Stanley Cup victories; first in 2013 against the Bruins,[77] and then in 2015 against the Lightning.[70]
The Los Angeles Kings had struggles to begin with, until they hired Darryl Sutter in the middle of the 2011–12 season.[78] Afterward, the Kings made the Cup Finals in 2012, and won the Stanley Cup against the Devils, which was the first championship as a franchise.[78] It was then followed by another Stanley Cup victory in 2014 against the Rangers.[79]
The only other team to reach the Stanley Cup Finals more than once between 2009 and 2017 was the Boston Bruins. The Bruins reached the Cup Finals twice, winning in 2011 and losing in 2013.[80][77] The Bruins' 2011 triumph was its first since 1972.[80]
The success of the Heritage Classic led the NHL to schedule more outdoor games. The Sabres hosted the 2008 NHL Winter Classic on New Year's Day 2008, losing to the Pittsburgh Penguins in a shootout before a crowd of 71,217 at Ralph Wilson Stadium.[81] The second Winter Classic was held on January 1, 2009 at Wrigley Field in Chicago between the Blackhawks and Red Wings.[82] On January 1, 2010 at Fenway Park in Boston the third Winter Classic was held with the Bruins defeating the Philadelphia Flyers 2–1 in overtime.[83] The following year the 2011 Winter Classic was held at Pittsburgh's Heinz Field,[84] with the Washington Capitals beating the Penguins 3–1, and on January 2, 2012, the New York Rangers defeated the Flyers 3–2 at Philadelphia's Citizens Bank Park.[85] The pinnacle of the Winter Classic's popularity took place on January 1, 2014, when the Maple Leafs defeated the Red Wings 3–2 in a shootout behind a record crowd of 105,491 spectators at Michigan Stadium.[86] The Winter Classic became an annual New Year's Day tradition for the NHL, regularly playing in front of sellout crowds and record viewers on television.[87]
Its Canadian counterpart, the Heritage Classic, continued to take place, albeit infrequently. After the Oilers' successful staging of the event in 2003, the Heritage Classic was held in three Western Canadian cities. The 2011 game took place in Calgary's McMahon Stadium and it involved the Canadiens and Flames.[88] Three years later, the Heritage Classic was held at Vancouver's BC Place and it featured the Senators and Canucks.[89] The 2016 Heritage Classic was played in Winnipeg's Investors Group Field with the Oilers and Jets taking part.[90]
In the 2013–14 season, the NHL introduced the Stadium Series which promoted outdoor hockey to warm-weather and non-traditional markets. Two of the first five Stadium Series games were held in Los Angeles' Dodger Stadium and Santa Clara's Levi's Stadium, both of which involved the Kings against their Southern California rival Ducks and their Northern California rival Sharks.[91][92]
Intending to promote the game worldwide, the league sent the San Jose Sharks and Calgary Flames to begin the 1998–99 season with two games in Tokyo, Japan.[93]  Since 2007, the NHL has been sending teams to Europe to start each season. The Los Angeles Kings met the Ducks at the O2 Arena in London, England to start the 2007–08 season. A year later, four teams were sent to Prague, Czech Republic and Stockholm, Sweden.[94] One of those teams, the Rangers, also participated in the inaugural Victoria Cup, defeating the Kontinental Hockey League's Metallurg Magnitogorsk 4–3 in a single game.[95] Another four teams opened the 2009–10 season in Stockholm and Helsinki, Finland.[96][97]
In 2010, Vancouver hosted the Winter Olympics, the first time an NHL city has hosted the event since the league began participating. The NHL's participation in future games remains in doubt, as it had expressed a desire not to participate in the 2014 games in Sochi, Russia.[98] However, the NHL players did ultimately participate in those games. The players strongly favour continued participation in the Olympics.[99]
Due to the 2010 Olympics, the Canucks underwent the longest road trip in NHL history, with 14 games over six weeks, from January 27 to March 13, 2010,[100] to allow General Motors Place to be used for ice hockey during the Winter Games.[101] It marked the first time that an NHL-sized rink was used during the Winter Olympics. GM Place was "Canada Hockey Place" during the games, as the IOC prohibits advertising, including corporate sponsorship, within Olympic venues.[102]
The NHL revived the World Cup of Hockey tournament in 2016, twelve years after its most recent tournament.[103]
Despite these successes after the lockout, a couple of teams still had financial difficulties. The Phoenix Coyotes eventually filed for bankruptcy in May 2009 after incurring several hundred million dollars of losses. NHL then took control over the team later that year in order to stabilize the Coyotes' operations, with the hopes of eventually reselling it to a new owner who would be committed to stay in the Phoenix market.[104][105] Meanwhile, the City of Glendale, Arizona, home of the team's Jobing.com Arena, financially kept the team afloat, paying US$25 million (equivalent to $36,048,375 in 2024) to the NHL to cover the club's losses for the 2010–11 season, and another $25 million for the 2011–12 season.[106] NHL eventually sold the team in 2013 to Renaissance Sports & Entertainment (RS&E), a group of Canadian investors.[107]
After also suffering financial losses and ownership struggles, the Atlanta Thrashers were eventually sold to True North Sports and Entertainment in 2011, who then relocated the team to Winnipeg, a stark reversal of the league's attempts to expand into the southern United States.[108]
The NHL again entered lockout in 2012, cancelling the first 526 games, about 43% of the season, until at least December 30, 2012. Key issues during negotiations included entry-level contracts, signing bonuses, and shares of hockey revenues.[109] Just after 5 am on January 6, 2013, after approximately 16 continuous hours of negotiating, the NHL and the players' union reached a tentative deal on a new collective bargaining agreement to end the lockout.[110] The first games of the season were held on January 19.[111] The result of the agreement brought the salary cap up to US$60 million with an increase to US$64.3 million the next season, as well as a length-limit on contract extensions to eight years, with seven years on new contracts.[112]
During the lockout, most of the NHL players opted to play in the AHL or overseas in European leagues such as the Kontinental Hockey League, National League A, or the Czech Extraliga.[113][114] As a result of the lockout, each NHL city experienced a drop in economic revenue. Detroit, for example, lost a revenue stream of US$2 million per game, and an estimated total loss of revenue of US$95 million in the city's bars, restaurants and hotels.[115]
Any concerns about hockey fans returning to the NHL after the lockout were proven wrong. The first NHL game on TV after the lockout drew record ratings on the NBC television network for a non-Winter Classic regular season game.[115] The 2013 Stanley Cup playoffs and the 2014 Winter Classic also had record ratings.[115] For the lockout-shortened season, the NHL recorded record in-person average attendance at games of 17,768.[116][115]
For the 2013–14 season, the League realigned the conferences and divisions to allow for easier travel between teams. The Winnipeg Jets moved into the Western Conference's Central Division, while the Detroit Red Wings and Columbus Blue Jackets moved into the Eastern Conference's Atlantic and Metropolitan Division respectively.[117] Further, the divisions went from six down to four, with eight teams each in the Eastern Conference and seven teams each in the Western Conference.[118] The playoffs structure also changed to follow a divisional setup similar to the structure of the 1980s where the top three teams in each division make the playoffs, followed by two wild card teams in the conference.[118]
In 2015, the NHL accepted bids from Quebec City and Las Vegas to expand the league to 31 teams.[119] Las Vegas was granted the expansion with play beginning the 2017–18 season.[120] Owner Bill Foley revealed the name of the Vegas Golden Knights along with its logo on November 22, 2016.[121]
Hoping to reduce the number of tie games during the regular season, the NHL decided that beginning in the 1999–2000 season, in any game tied after regulation time, both teams would be guaranteed one point, while the team that won in overtime would earn a second point.[122] The theory was that rather than playing conservatively to earn a point for a tie, teams would press for the extra point for the overtime win. In the 2005–06 season, the NHL eliminated tie games altogether, as the shootout was introduced to decide all regular season games tied after the five-minute overtime period.[123] The shootout has proven controversial; critics have called it a gimmick, and expressed fierce opposition to any suggestion of using it to decide playoff games, though the league has not pushed for this to happen.[124]  It has also been argued that teams are playing it safe, taking no chances in regulation in order to bring the game to overtime, where they are each guaranteed a point.[122] The shootout also has many supporters, among them Phoenix head coach Dave Tippett, who stated that many fans enjoy it.[125]
The shootout was one of several rule changes made in 2005 as the league attempted to increase offence following the lockout. The two-line pass rule was eliminated, allowing teams to pass from their defensive zone to anywhere in the neutral zone. Previously, such passes could only be made to their own half of the neutral zone. The rule was intended to encourage long breakout passes and create more breakaways.[126] Teams that commit an icing infraction are no longer allowed to make a line change before a faceoff, and goaltenders are now prohibited from playing the puck in the end-zone corners behind the goal line. They are allowed to play the puck directly behind the net, within the trapezoid marked by diagonal lines from the goal line to the end boards.[123]
One of the most controversial changes was the league's zero-tolerance policy on obstruction penalties. The league hoped that the game could be opened up if it cracked down on "clutching and grabbing".[126]  The tighter regulations have met with complaints about the legitimacy of some calls,[127] that players are diving to draw penalties,[128] and that officials are not calling enough penalties.[129]
The changes initially led to a sharp increase in scoring. Teams combined to score 6.1 goals per game in 2005–06, more than a goal per game higher than in the 2003–04 season. This represented the highest single-season increase in offence since 1929–30.[126]  However, scoring has rapidly declined since, approaching pre-lockout totals in the 2007–08 season.[130]
Other rule changes that were implemented include the hybrid icing rule,[131] coach's challenges for offside and goaltender interference prior to a goal, and three-on-three overtime periods.[132]
Nikolay Ozhegin (born 4 May 1971) is a Russian judoka who was a 1995 World Champion, 1990 Junior World Champion, and multiple-time Russian Champion (1994 and 1999). He also competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in the men's extra-lightweight (60 kg) event but did not win a medal after being defeated in the second round by the famous Japanese champion Tadahiro Nomura.

This biographical article related to Russian judo is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
HMAS Hobart (D 39) was a Perth-class guided missile destroyer of the Royal Australian Navy (RAN). Built in the United States of America to a slight variant of the United States Navy (USN) Charles F. Adams class, she was commissioned into the RAN in 1965. In March 1967, Hobart became the first RAN combat ship deployed to fight in the Vietnam War. This marked the start of consistent six-month deployments to the warzone, which continued until late 1971; Hobart was redeployed in 1969 and 1970. During the 1968 tour, the destroyer was attacked by a United States Air Force aircraft.
After the Vietnam War, Hobart saw service during Operation Navy Help Darwin; the RAN disaster relief effort following Cyclone Tracy, was the first RAN ship to dock at HMAS Stirling in Western Australia, and completed a round-the-world voyage in 1976. The ship was modernised during the late 1970s. Hobart was decommissioned in 2000, and sunk as a dive wreck off South Australia.
Hobart was one of three Perth-class guided missile destroyers built for the RAN.[1] Based on the United States Navy's Charles F. Adams class, Hobart had a displacement of 3,370 tons at standard load, and 4,618 tons at full load, a length of 440 feet 3 inches (134.19 m) overall and 420 feet (130 m) between perpendiculars, a beam of 47 feet 1 inch (14.35 m), and a maximum draught of 15 feet 3 inches (4.65 m).[1][2] Propulsion was provided by two General Electric turbines, which provided 70,000 shaft horsepower (52,000 kW) to the destroyer's two propeller shafts.[1] Hobart could achieve speeds of 35 knots (65 km/h; 40 mph).[2] The ship's company consisted of 20 officers and 312 sailors.[1]
As a guided missile destroyer, Hobart's main armament consisted of a Mark 13 missile launcher firing Tartar missiles and two Ikara anti-submarine missile launchers.[1] This was supplemented by two 5"/54 caliber Mark 42 guns and two Mark 32 triple torpedo tube sets.[1][3] Over the course of the ship's career, the Mark 13 launcher was modified to fire Standard missiles, the Ikara launchers were stripped out in 1989 and two Phalanx CIWS units were installed in 1991.[1][4]
Hobart was laid down by the Defoe Shipbuilding Company at Bay City, Michigan on 26 October 1962.[1] The ship was launched on 9 January 1964 by Alison Hay, the wife of David Hay, the Australian ambassador to the United Nations.[1] Hobart was commissioned into the RAN on 18 December 1965.[1] The cost of the destroyer was approximately A$45 million, including the initial load of supplies and ammunition.[1] During construction, the ship was assigned the United States Navy hull number DDG-26.[5] After commissioning, Hobart remained in American waters for eight months on trials and training exercises.[1] Hobart left the US on 3 August 1966, and sailed via Hawaii and Fiji before reaching her namesake city on 1 September.[1] The ship spent very little time in Australian waters before being deployed to fight in the Vietnam War in March 1967.
During the mid-1960s, the United States government pressured Australia to increase the resources it was committing to the Vietnam War; one of the requests was for a combat vessel to help the USN meet the demand for naval gunfire support operations.[6] The idea of deploying a RAN combat ship was initially hampered by the number of ships available, particularly with commitments to the Far East Strategic Reserve and involvement in the Indonesia-Malaysia Confrontation, along with the difficulty of operating and maintaining British-designed ships with USN resources.[7] On 14 December 1966, the Australian Cabinet approved the deployment of Hobart as part of increases to Australian military commitment to the conflict.[8][9] Destroyers deployed to the Vietnam theatre generally operated in one of four roles:
Although RAN ships on deployment were expected to fulfil all duties of an equivalent American destroyer, they were forbidden by the Australian government from operating outside the Vietnam theatre on unrelated United States Seventh Fleet duties (such as the Taiwan Patrol Force, guard ship duties at Hong Kong, or the Space Recovery Program).[19] After the invasion of Cambodia in 1970, RAN ships were also prohibited from entering Cambodian waters.[12]
While deployed to Vietnam, the destroyers were placed under the administrative control of Commander Australian Forces Vietnam in addition to that of the Flag Officer Commanding Australian Fleet.[20] Operationally, the RAN vessels were under the command of the Seventh Fleet.[21] Arrangements were made to provide logistic support through the United States Pacific Fleet.[21] A USN lieutenant was assigned to each ship during deployments to act as a liaison with the Seventh Fleet.[22] The deployment of Hobart in March 1967 began a pattern of six-month deployments for RAN destroyers, with a constant RAN presence with the Seventh Fleet.[9] Australia was the only allied nation to provide naval support to the United States Navy during the Vietnam War.[23]
On 15 March 1967, Hobart arrived at U.S. Naval Base Subic Bay to join the Seventh Fleet.[24] After a comprehensive familiarisation period, Hobart replaced USS Fechteler on 31 March, taking over the US destroyer's gunfire support duties.[22] By 04:45 the next morning, the Australian ship had already fired 100 rounds.[25] On 3 April, the forward 5-inch gun mount became unserviceable, a state which remained for four-and-a-half-days.[25] Hobart remained on the gunline until 15 April, during which she fired 1,651 shells.[26] The ship was then rotated to Sea Dragon operations.[27] The destroyer was fired on by shore batteries several times, and on one occasion took minor shrapnel damage.[28] Several explosions in 5-inch/54 gun mounts during the later weeks of April saw all equipped destroyers (including Hobart) reassigned to other duties while investigations into the cause (believed to be a bad batch of ammunition) were explored.[29] Hobart was attached to the carrier escort group for USS Kitty Hawk on 23 April.[29] On 29 April, the destroyer sailed to Subic, underwent self-maintenance, then returned to Sea Dragon operations.[30] Over the next week, Hobart and USS Allen M. Sumner cooperated on the interdiction of coastal shipping during a period of heavy activity; previous successes saw the North Vietnamese begin to increase retaliation with coastal artillery in an attempt to dissuade American operations.[31] Apart from a brief stint on the gunline, Hobart remained assigned to Sea Dragon until 26 May, when sailed to Subic for maintenance, with both 5-inch gun barrels replaced.[32]
After delays caused by monsoonal conditions, the ship returned to the gunline on 18 June.[33] During this period, the destroyer was also called on to escort the amphibious warfare ships involved in the Beacon Torch landings.[33] After mid-June, the number of fire missions undertaken by Hobart dropped because of a need to conserve 5-inch/54 ammunition across the Seventh Fleet, and the fact that Marines in the area had successfully established their own artillery units in the area and were less reliant on naval gunfire.[33] On 23 June, Hobart rotated to Sea Dragon.[33] A reduction in the number of seaborne infiltration attempts and the increasing availability of spotter aircraft meant that most gunfire missions were against inland targets like truck convoys.[34] On 10 July, the destroyer left the operational area and sailed to Subic via Hong Kong, and underwent self-maintenance.[34] This was completed on 24 July, and Hobart sailed for the operational area.[35] The ship was double tasked to the USS Forrestal escort group and Sea Dragon operations; three destroyers were required to escort the carrier at any time, with any additional ships operating on Sea Dragon duties.[36] On 29 July, a fire aboard the carrier necessitated the carrier's removal from the operational area; Hobart was one of the ships assigned to escort and assist with casualties.[36] The ship returned to Sea Dragon operations on 31 July.[36] This continued until 16 August, and after maintenance at Subic, Hobart was attached to the gunline on 6 September.[37] On 14 September, Hobart arrived in Subic, handed over responsibility to HMAS Perth, and sailed for home.[37]
During this deployment, Hobart fired over 10,000 rounds at 1,050 targets during 160 days at sea, and was fired on ten times, with no casualties.[1] Hobart was awarded the United States Navy Unit Commendation for this tour of duty.[1] Personnel awards included a Distinguished Service Order, a British Empire Medal, a Mention in Despatches and 25 Naval Board commendations.[37]
Hobart was deployed to Vietnam for the second time in 1968, relieving Perth on 31 March.[38] On 13 April, the destroyer arrived on the gunline to relieve USS Henry B. Wilson.[39] Five days later, she began Sea Dragon operations with USS Collett.[40] The ships were unsuccessfully shelled by coastal artillery on 22 and 23 April, then spent the next three days attempting to attract attention from shore batteries so they could be bombed by aircraft.[40] Hobart's participation in Sea Dragon ended in late April, and after maintenance in Hong Kong and Taiwan from 1 to 20 May, resumed gunline duties.[39][41] This continued until 2 June, when the destroyer's guns required new barrels.[40] On 11 June, the destroyer returned to the Sea Dragon area of operations, joining USS Theodore E. Chandler.[42] During this deployment, boat traffic between the mainland and Tiger Island was seen as a priority, with gunline ships also granted approval to operate against targets in this area.[42] Early in the month, problems with the 5-inch/54 guns aboard Hobart and several US destroyers appeared; Hobart's captain decided to only fire the guns in emergencies until the problem was clearly identified.[43] The destroyer USS Edson joined Hobart and Chandler to make up for the lack of firepower.[43]
During the evening of 16–17 June, the three destroyers were ordered to undertake surveillance missions around Tiger Island, because of reports of North Vietnamese helicopter activity in the area.[44] At 03:09, Hobart's radar picked up an aircraft approaching with no IFF transponder active.[45] At 03:14, the aircraft fired a single missile at the ship, which killed one sailor, wounded two others and damaged the chief petty officer's mess, air search radar and missile control compartments and the ship's funnels.[46] Two minutes later, the aircraft made a second pass and fired two missiles.[47] The missiles hit simultaneously: one penetrated the superstructure and damaged the gunners' store, engineers workshop and aft seamans' mess, while the other hit close to the original missile, causing further damage to the mess and missile control room, while also damaging the Tartar checkout room, killing another sailor and wounded six others.[48] There was also major damage around the destroyer's Ikara magazine, but as Hobart was not carrying any Ikara missiles at the time, the potential magazine fire did not occur.[49] The aircraft came around for a third attack run, but was scared off when Hobart's forward gun turret, under independent control, fired five rounds at the aircraft.[50][51] At 03:30, Edson reported coming under fire, and Hobart's captain ordered the three destroyers to take up anti-aircraft formation.[51] At 05:15, the three destroyers linked up with the cruiser USS Boston (which had been hit by a missile from another aircraft) and the escorting destroyer USS Blandy, and continued anti-aircraft manoeuvring.[50] After being relieved, Hobart sailed for Subic Bay, where the damage was inspected by RAN and USN personnel, including three admirals.[50] Debris collected from Hobart and the other ships indicated that the missiles were of United States Air Force (USAF) origin.[52]
The attacks on Hobart and the other ships were the capstone of a series of firing incidents between 15 and 17 June, and an inquiry was held by the USN into the incidents, with three RAN personnel attending as technical advisors.[52][53] The inquiry found that a few hours before the attack on Hobart, Patrol Craft Fasts PCF-12 and PCF-19, along with USCGC Point Dume, were attacked by what they identified at the time as hovering enemy aircraft, but were believed to be friendly planes; PCF-19 was sunk in the attack.[54][55] F-4 Phantoms of the USAF Seventh Air Force, responding several hours after the attack on the PCFs, were unable to distinguish between the radar signature of surface ships and airborne helicopters and instead opened fire on Hobart, Boston, and Edson.[53][55] Hobart underwent repairs in Subic Bay, and returned to duty on the gunline on 25 July.[56]
During the evening of 27 July, Hobart was involved in another friendly fire incident; this time, shells from the ship fell close to a Marine unit's command post and injured three Marines.[57] The fault was found to be with the Marine unit's spotter, who was inexperienced, failed to signal the close proximity of friendly units to the target, and failed to fully identify the target before calling for five rounds of shellfire.[57] Although Hobart was asked to rotate Sea Dragon duties on 2 August to relieve a destroyer experiencing gunnery faults, nine days early, the destroyer's captain refused, as he wanted more time to prepare the ship after the repairs, particularly as the air warning radars were yet to become operational, and the gun mounts were experiencing minor problems.[58] The Sea Dragon deployment did not eventuate, and after operating near the DMZ, Hobart was reassigned to gunfire support duties around southern Vietnam on 12 August.[59] On 22 August, the destroyer fired to support the 1st Australian Task Force in Phuoc Tuy Province: the first time a RAN destroyer provided naval gunfire support for Australian soldiers in the war.[60] On 29 September, Perth relieved Hobart at Subic, and Hobart sailed for home.[61] One sailor was awarded a Distinguished Service Medal for his actions during the 17 June attack (the government received advice that as it was a friendly fire incident, a non-combat medal like the British Empire Medal should be awarded instead, but this was ignored), while two Mentions in Despatches and 23 Naval Board commendations were also issued.[62]
Hobart returned to Vietnam for her third tour on 28 March 1970, taking over from the Daring-class destroyer HMAS Vendetta.[63] After working up, the destroyer relieved USS Ernest G. Small from gunline duties on 6 April.[63] On 21 April, the ship moved north to near the DMZ.[64] Three days later, the destroyer rammed and sank a South Vietnamese fishing craft, but rescued the five crew and transported them to shore.[64] At the end of April, the ship sailed to Subic for maintenance.[65] After this was completed, Hobart returned to gunline duties on 11 May, and remained on station until 24 May, when the destroyer sailed to Singapore for maintenance.[66] Hobart resumed gunline operations on 6 June; these continued until 28 June, when she sailed to Subic for rebarrelling.[67] The ship returned to the gunline on 9 July, and operated until 29 August, when she sailed to Singapore for maintenance, then Bangkok for naval exercises.[68] Returning on 13 September, Hobart was called to relieve USS Lloyd Thomas on the gunline after an explosion in one of the American destroyer's gun mounts.[69] On 22 September, Hobart sailed to Subic.[69] The destroyer was relieved by Perth on 26 September.[70] Two personnel were mentioned in despatches, and 23 Naval Board commendations were issued for the deployment.[69]
During 1971, the Australian government decided to withdraw all forces from Vietnam by the end of the year.[71] Hobart made no further deployments to Vietnam, and after HMAS Brisbane completed her assigned operations in September 1971, no further RAN ships were deployed to the warzone for combat operations.[71] Hobart received the battle honour "Vietnam 1967–70" for her wartime service, adding to the eight honours inherited from the previous ship of the name.[72][73]
In 1972, Hobart underwent modernisation in the US.[4] In June 1974, the destroyer was involved in the Exercise Kangaroo One.[4] On 15 October, Hobart departed from Sydney with HMAS Supply for a five-week tour of Australian and New Zealand ports.[4] While in her namesake city, Hobart was visited by Charles, Prince of Wales; the first time the royal had boarded an Australian warship.[4]
On 27 December 1974, Hobart sailed from Sydney as one of thirteen RAN ships involved in Operation Navy Help Darwin; the RAN disaster relief effort following the destruction of Darwin by Cyclone Tracy on 24–25 December 1974.[4][74] Later in the year, the destroyer participated in the multinational exercise RIMPAC 75, then embarked on a three-month deployment in the Indian Ocean, during which Hobart became the first RAN ship to visit Malé in the Maldives, and the first warship to dock at HMAS Stirling, the new naval base in Western Australia.[4] Between May and September 1976, Hobart sailed on a round-the-world voyage; the 109-day deployment was named Exercise Phineas Fogg after the main character from Around the World in Eighty Days. During this voyage, the ship visited nineteen ports in twelve countries, and represented Australia at the fleet review off New York City commemorating the United States Bicentennial.[4]
During 1977 and 1978, Hobart underwent a half-life modernisation, during which the propulsion system was converted from furnace oil to diesel fuel, and a Naval Combat Data System was installed.[4] In July 1979, Hobart and the Antarctic Support Vessel Thala Dan were sent to Macquarie Island to retrieve a badly injured researcher and return him to Australia.[75] In order to transfer the researcher to the ship, Hobart's personnel constructed a makeshift helipad, which was used by Thala Dan's helicopter to deliver the injured man to the destroyer.[75] Hobart remained in Australian waters during the early 1980s, with the exception of deployments to Hawaii for RIMPAC, to the North West Indian Ocean for 6 months in 1981 and participation in Kangaroo exercises.[4] The destroyer underwent refit in 1984.[4] In 1985, Hobart sailed to Canada to represent Australia at a naval review recognising the 75th anniversary of the Royal Canadian Navy's founding.[4] During 1986, the ship was deployed to South-east Asia, which was repeated in 1987.[4] During early 1988, the destroyer participated in activities celebrating Australia's Bicentenary, then later in the year sailed to join the RIMPAC exercise.[4] In 1989, the destroyer's Ikara launchers were removed during a refit.[4]
Hobart visited New Zealand in 1991 to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Royal New Zealand Navy.[4] During 1992, the destroyer participated in RIMPAC.[4] In 1993, Hobart visited South-east Asia, then participated in the first Exercise Kakadu.[4] The ship returned to Hawaii for RIMPAC 94, and was assigned command of one of the exercise task groups.[4] In 1995, the ship was again deployed to South-east Asia, participated in celebrations of the 50th anniversary of the Pacific War's end, and visited New Zealand.[76] Hobart won the Gloucester Cup for 1995, a trophy awarded to the most efficient ship of the RAN during a calendar year; this was the eighth time the Cup was won by the destroyer.[76] The ship was docked for refit for most of 1996, with post-refit trials extending into 1997.[76]
During early 1998, Hobart was deployed to exercises in New Zealand, then sailed to Queensland in May.[76] From August until December, the ship, accompanied by Adelaide, Brisbane, and Sydney, visited ports in Indonesia and South-east Asia.[76] Hobart spent most of 1999 either alongside in Sydney, or on exercises in Jervis Bay.[76]
Hobart paid off on 12 May 2000.[76] She was given to the South Australian Government by the federal Department of Defence in August 2000.[77]
Prior to the scuttling, preparatory work was done to ensure safe diving and minimal environmental impact, based on international best practices and mostly undertaken at Port Adelaide by contracted labour and some volunteers. Oil and other contaminants were removed. The goal was to maintain the vessel's character as a fighting ship, but in the interests of safety, some entrances were sealed, some doors, hatches and sharp and protruding objects were removed, and corridors and openings widened. All furniture and equipment obstructing access or not secured was removed.[78]
The ship was sunk as a dive wreck on 5 November 2002 in Yankalilla Bay, South Australia at 35°28′51.6″S 138°09′26.0″E﻿ / ﻿35.481000°S 138.157222°E﻿ / -35.481000; 138.157222, 4.8 nautical miles (8.9 km) west-north-west of Marina St. Vincent, within the Encounter Marine Park. The wreck site is officially known as the Fleurieu Artificial Reef. The scuttled ship is scheduled as a historic shipwreck as per the South Australian Historic Shipwrecks Act 1981 and has a protected zone of 550-metre (1,800 ft) radius which prohibits boating activity unless the operator has a permit.[79][80][81][82][83]
The HMAS Hobart Memorial Lookout is located is north of Wirrina Cove, at Little Gorge, on the road to Normanville.[84]
Cave dive sites:The Edgar Felix Bikeway is a 5.4 miles (8.7 km) rail trail in New Jersey between Manasquan and Allaire State Park. The trail was constructed on a former roadbed of the Farmingdale and Squan Village Railroad and the Freehold and Jamesburg Agricultural Railroad.
The original trail opened in 1971, and has been expanded several times. The Edgar Felix was the first cycling trail created in the state of New Jersey.[1]
The Freehold & Jamesburg Agricultural Railroad operated under the auspices of the Pennsylvania Railroad (PRR), which abandoned the Manasquan-Farmingdale segment in 1966. Cycling enthusiast and retired radio researcher Edgar Felix lobbied the borough of Manasquan to obtain the abandoned roadbed that same year.[4] The following year the path was extended through the Allenwood section of Wall Township, terminating at Hospital Road in Wall Township.[1] In 2005, the trail was extended west from Hospital Road across state park land to the public access area of Allaire State Park and north along the abandoned Route 18 right-of-way to the Wall Township Municipal Complex.
As of September 2011, Wall Township was seeking a $180,000 matching grant from Monmouth County to add a spur trail that would extend the Edgar Felix trail 0.8 miles (1.3 km) along Hospital Road to meet with the Allaire mountain biking trails. This new spur would begin where the current trail crosses Hospital road on its way to the main entrance of Allaire State Park. There is also a proposal to continue this new spur to the Howell Township border at a future date.[5]
The unimproved right-of-way for the Freehold & Jamesburg Agricultural Railroad continues west through Allaire State Park until it is severed by Interstate 195.James Anthony Merendino (born January 11, 1969) is an American film director and screenwriter who is best known for directing the 1998 film SLC Punk!.[1]
Merendino was born in Long Branch, New Jersey, and moved to Salt Lake City when he was six years old. He graduated from Judge Memorial Catholic High School in 1985 and went to college in Rome and Los Angeles where he studied Western philosophy and theology. Merendino moved to Hollywood when he was 21 and found work with Hollywood mogul Dan Melnick.
In 2008 Merendino moved to New York City where he currently lives with his partner Severine Ferarri.
In 1991, Merendino was hired to direct Witchcraft IV: The Virgin Heart. His fourth film, Toughguy (1995), is a psychological thriller starring Heather Graham. His next film was A River Made to Drown In (1997). Merendino's most successful film, SLC Punk!, was released in 1998, and was a semi-autobiographical telling of his growing up in Utah. The screenplay was nominated for an Independent Spirit Award.
The 2000 film Magicians was a European co-production with Alan Arkin and Claire Forlani. Amerikana was part of the Dogma 95 movement by Lars Von Trier. Merendino directed (with Lisa Hammer) the drama film The Invisible Life of Thomas Lynch in 2009. He wrote and directed the sequel to 1998's SLC Punk!, Punk's Dead, which was released in February 2016.
In 2022, James Merendino created and directed the television series Great Kills produced by and starting Steve S. Stanulis. The dark comedy mockumentary about a small time hit man on Staten Island was co-created with Lisa Hammer and released on Tubi in March of 2023. The series was renewed for another season shortly after it aired.
2000 Nominated Independent Spirit Award Best Screenplay for: SLC Punk! (1998)The Center for Mathematics and Theoretical Physics (CMTP) is an Italian institution supporting research in mathematics and theoretical physics. The CMTP was founded on November 17, 2009 as an interdepartmental research center of the three Roman universities: Sapienza, Tor Vergata and Roma Tre. The CMTP's director is Roberto Longo, from the Mathematics Department of Tor Vergata University, and its scientific secretaries are Alberto De Sole, from Sapienza University, and Alessandro Giuliani, from Roma Tre University.
The center does not have a permanent location; however, it is temporarily hosted in Tor Vergata's Mathematics Department.
The aim of the CMTP, according to its Web site, is to "take advantage of the high quality and wide spectrum of research in mathematical physics presently carried on in Roma [sic] in order to promote cross fertilization of mathematics and theoretical physics at the highest level by fostering creative interactions of leading experts from both subjects."[1]
The CMTP promotes scientific research by organizing workshops, congresses, and periods of thematic research; sending invitations to scientists; and assigning study grants. The CMTP's goal is to attract foreign scientists of international prestige and young talented foreigners to Rome by offering a natural place for scientific education and a base of cultural interchange with other scientific centers abroad.
The opening activity of the center was to present the Seminal Interactions between Mathematics and Physics conference hosted by the Accademia Nazionale dei Lincei in Rome. The invited speakers counted, among others, four fields medalists; Alain Connes, Andrei Okounkov, Stanislav Smirnov and C. Villani; and an Abel prize winner, Isadore Singer.
As part of the conference, the center organized two evening public lectures for the general audience, held by Ludvig Faddeev and Singer.
Among its activities, the center runs the Levi Civita colloquia.
Laurel Heights Secondary School (formerly Sir John A. Macdonald Secondary School) is a high school in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, operated by the Waterloo Region District School Board (WRDSB). It opened in September 2004 and provides both academic and vocational programs. The school had 1,500 students as of the 2020–21 school year.[1] Each year, around 450 new grade 9 students are enrolled from the following elementary schools: Centennial Public School, Edna Staebler Public School, Laurelwood Public School, and Vista Hills Public School [2] The school is located on 650 Laurelwood Drive in northwest Waterloo. It was originally named after Sir John A. Macdonald, the first prime minister of Canada; in 2022, it was renamed to Laurel Heights Secondary School (LHSS).
Construction of the $27 million, 206,000-square-foot (19,100 m2) school was plagued by construction delays. It opened two months before construction was complete, with students initially limited to partial days of classes. The name was selected in 2003 by school board trustees. When they asked for suggestions, the most frequently submitted name was Oscar Peterson, but because he was still alive, Peterson wasn't eligible to have a school named after him.[3]
The school name garnered attention in 2018 because of civic awareness regarding the historical treatment of Indigenous peoples in the Canadian residential school system.[4][5] In 2021, the school board determined that the name must be changed; in March 2022, the new name of Laurel Heights Secondary School was confirmed.[6]
The drama department participates in the annual SEARS festivals. In the 2012–13 school year, they advanced to regionals. In 2014, they hosted the festival for Waterloo schools, and in 2018 they hosted NTSDF.[7]
LHSS offers numerous clubs, teams, and activities with over 10 choices per season.[8] As of 2019, the Fraser Institute ranked LHSS as one of the best schools in Ontario with an average performance score of 8.1 out of 10.[9] LHSS ranks better than 90 per cent of schools in the Waterloo Region and 85 per cent of schools in all of Ontario.[10]The Monument to Niccolò Fortiguerra is a marble statue of the Cardinal Fortiguerra, a prominent 15th-century benefactor of Pistoia, who endowed the city with a school for the indigent and a library (Biblioteca Forteguerriana). The latter still exists in the city. The statue stands atop a simple high marble pedestal in the piazza of Santo Spirito, in Pistoia, region of Tuscany, Italy.
Construction was patronized by a posthumous endowment in the 19th century by Niccolò Puccini, who was likely endeared to his fellow Pistoian, with whom he shares first name, for also being a philanthropist in causes for indigent children. He engaged the sculptor Cesare Sighinolfi to complete the larger-than-life statue which shows the Cardinal offering a document. The statue was originally placed in August 1863 in the Piazza of the Duomo.[1][2][3]
43.°N 10.°E﻿ / ﻿43°N 10°E﻿ / 43; 10
The Illinois Eye & Ear Infirmary (IEEI) is a center of ophthalmology and otolaryngology research and clinical practice.
Located in the Illinois Medical District, the Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary is the major referral center in the Chicago metropolitan area for eye emergencies and the only Level 1 eye trauma center in the region. The General Eye Clinic also serves as the only emergency eye clinic in all of Chicago. The Chicago Curriculum in Ophthalmology (CCO) meets at the Infirmary where all Chicago area ophthalmology residents are invited. The Illinois Eye Review is also held at the Infirmary. The Infirmary is one of the oldest hospitals of its kind in treatment of disorders of the eye, ear, nose, throat, and head/neck. The Infirmary houses the departments of ophthalmology and otolaryngology of the University of Illinois College of Medicine.
LASIK surgery was invented by Gholam A. Peyman, while he served as the Professor of Ophthalmology at the Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary. The Department of Ophthalmology has a NIH-funded K12 research program, one of only 7 in the United States. There are partnerships with global programs through Dr. Marilyn Miller, including exchange programs with Keio University in Tokyo and the Federal University of São Paulo. Other exchange programs exist with Nigeria, India, Brazil, Thailand, Iran, Philippines, Guatemala, and Nepal. The Millennium Park Eye Center is staffed by faculty affiliated with the Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary.
The Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary was founded in May 1858 by a 30-year-old physician named Edward Lorenzo Holmes as the Chicago Charitable Eye and Ear Infirmary.[1][2] The Infirmary took up just a single room in a frame building at 60 North Clark Street in Chicago, and the first patient arrived before the room was even ready. That initial year of operation, the Infirmary had 95 eye patient visits. Most of the patients were afflicted with eye infections.
The private organization was registered as an infirmary association, with a slate of officers and 12 trustees. An influential group of physicians and philanthropists guided the association until the state of Illinois took over the Infirmary's operations in 1871. The name then changed to the Illinois Charitable Eye and Ear Infirmary (“Charitable” later was removed from the name because paying patients also were accepted). In 1874, the name became the Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary.
The Infirmary was totally destroyed by the Chicago Fire of October 9, 1871.  Temporary quarters were set up at 137 N. Morgan Street; in 1874 a new building was inaugurated at the corner of Peoria and west Adams street, at a cost of over $40,000.
When the University of Illinois College of Medicine's predecessor, the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Chicago, opened in 1882, the Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary (IEEI) began its long academic affiliation with the University. However, several government officials thwarted efforts for years to bring the Infirmary into the University Hospitals system. Finally in 1943, the IEEI and the University formally agreed to joint operations.
In 1939, the Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary began one of the nation's first glaucoma specialty clinics. In 1965, the Infirmary moved to the University's West Side Medical Campus, to its current location on Taylor Street. The University's Research and Education (R&E) Hospitals still ran a separate ophthalmology service until 1970, when it was merged into the Infirmary's ophthalmology department.
On October 19, 1965, new facilities for the Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary were formally dedicated by Illinois Governor Otto Kerner, the result of efforts by Ophthalmology department head Peter C. Kronfeld, MD, Otolaryngology department head Francis L. Lederer, MD, and Lester R. Gerber, Superintendent of the Infirmary since 1946.
Morton F. Goldberg, head of ophthalmology from 1970 to 1989, increased full-time faculty from one to 25, added numerous ophthalmic subspecialty clinics and a postresidency fellowship program, and began a residency surgical rotation in Madurai, India. Dr. Gholam A. Peyman pioneered LASIK surgery at this time. During this period, the Lions of Illinois funded $5 million of the $6.8 million cost of building the Lions of Illinois Eye Research Institute—the largest single donation ever given to the department. When the 30,000-square-foot (2,800 m2) institute opened in 1985, it was heralded as the most comprehensive eye research center in the Midwest.
In 1985, the Lions of Illinois Eye Research Institute (LIERI) opened at the University of Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary through a generous donation from the Lions Clubs of Illinois. The institute is part of the Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences and has research laboratories, offices, computer services, core facilities for machine shop, imaging, tissue culture and molecular biology research, and one of the largest ophthalmology libraries in the country. Research efforts at LIERI are supported by both private and national grant-funding agencies and by the Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences. LIERI also houses patient care facilities in the Edwin and Lois Deicke Eye Center.
While the Department of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery existed for the better part of a century before 1933, in that year it became a freestanding department for the first time, headed initially by Joseph C. Beck, M.D., then in 1934 by Francis Lederer, M.D., who led the Department for 33 years.  Dr. Beck had been Dr. Lederer's childhood physician and served as his mentor in clinical and administrative matters, as well as a leader in plastic and reconstructive surgery. Dr. Lederer joined the Department in 1922, served as its acting head in 1925, and became board-certified in Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery in 1926.  He contributed greatly to the institution and the field, including for his service during World War II, for which he was recognized by President Harry Truman.  Author of the landmark book Diseases of the Ear, Nose, and Throat, Dr. Lederer was a mentor for many in the program who became leaders in the field, including Eugene Tardy, M.D.
The Illinois Eye and Ear Infirmary is currently chaired by Dr. R.V. Paul Chan, a Retina specialist.
Swainsona stipularis is a species of flowering plant in the family Fabaceae and is endemic to southern continental Australia. It is a spreading to ascending perennial herb, with imparipinnate leaves with 5 to 11 broadly linear to heart-shaped leaflets, and racemes of mostly 5 to 20 usually orange-red flowers.
Swainsona stipularis is spreading to ascending perennial herb with imparipinnate leaves up to 70 mm (2.8 in) long with 5 to 11 broadly linear to heart-shaped leaflets with the narrower end towards the base, 30–90 mm (1.2–3.5 in) long, the lower leaflets mostly 1–25 mm (0.039–0.984 in) long and 1–3 mm (0.039–0.118 in) wide. There is a stipule about 15 mm (0.59 in) long at the base of the petiole. The flowers are arranged in racemes with up to 5 to 20 or more flowers on a peduncle 0.5–3 mm (0.020–0.118 in) wide, each flower 10–15 mm (0.39–0.59 in) long on a pedicel mostly 1–3 mm (0.039–0.118 in) long. The sepals are joined at the base, forming a tube 2.5–3.5 mm (0.098–0.138 in) long, the sepal lobes up to, or much shorter than the tube. The petals are orange-red, sometimes yellow or purple, the standard petal about 9–14 mm (0.35–0.55 in) long and 10–15 mm (0.39–0.59 in) wide, the wings 8–15 mm (0.31–0.59 in) long, and the keel usually 8–15 mm (0.31–0.59 in) long and 5 mm (0.20 in) deep. Flowering mainly occurs from September to November and the fruit is narrowly egg-shaped to spindle-shaped, 10–30 mm (0.39–1.18 in) long and 3–5 mm (0.12–0.20 in) wide with the remains of the style about 9 mm (0.35 in) long.[2][3][4][5]
Swainsona stipularis was first formally described in 1853 by Ferdinand von Mueller in the journal Linnaea.[6][7] The specific epithet (stipularis) means "of the stipules", referring to the long stipules.[8]
This species of pea grows in stony, sandy or clay flats and is common near Broken Hill in New South Wales, widespread in the Flinders Ranges, central northern South Australia, and northwards to the south-west corner of Queensland. It is rare in Victoria, where it is listed as "critically endangered" under the Victorian Government Flora and Fauna Guarantee Act 1988.[2][3][4][5]Bilanghin, also spelt Bilanguin,[1] Bilanguen[2] or Bilenghin,[3] is a commune in the Gounghin Department of Kouritenga Province in the Centre-Est region of Burkina Faso. It had a population of 643 in 2006.[4][5]

This Kouritenga Province location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Atsuko Mine (峰 あつ子, Mine Atsuko, born May 2, 1951) is a Japanese voice actress from Tokyo.[1] She is employed by the talent management firm Production Baobab.[2]
Sources: [1][2][4]

This biographical article about a Japanese voice actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Craig Shaw Gardner (born July 2, 1949) is an American author, best known for producing fantasy parodies similar to those of Terry Pratchett.
He was also a member of the Swordsmen and Sorcerers' Guild of America (SAGA), a loose-knit group of Heroic Fantasy authors founded in the 1960s, some of whose works were anthologized in Lin Carter's Flashing Swords! anthologies.
Written as Peter Garrison

This article about an American fantasy writer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Salvia caespitosa is a herbaceous perennial native to rocky limestone and volcanic slopes, at 4600–7900 ft elevation, in central and southern Anatolia. It has been grown in horticulture since the 1950s, typically in rock gardens, due to its dwarf, mat-growing habit. Caespitosa refers to its habit of "growing in dense clumps or tufts", with divided leaves and stems that grow in bunches, rather than being evenly spaced. The pale pinkish lilac flowers, about 1.6 in long, grow on very short inflorescences that are barely longer than the leaf.[1]

This Salvia article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Kiefhoek is a neighborhood of Rotterdam, Netherlands.[1]
51°53′36″N 4°30′22″E﻿ / ﻿51.89333°N 4.50611°E﻿ / 51.89333; 4.50611
This South Holland location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Hartney is an unincorporated urban community in the Municipality of Grassland within the Canadian province of Manitoba that held town status prior to January 1, 2015. It lies along the banks of the Souris River. Originally established in 1882, the community is named after James Harvey Hartney, an early postmaster in the district.[2]
The Hollywood film The Lookout featuring Jeff Daniels and Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and the film The Stone Angel featuring Ellen Burstyn, were filmed in Hartney in 2006; taking advantage of such buildings as the community's grain elevator and museum.
Hartney's local Member of Legislative Assembly is Doyle Piwniuk and the Member of Parliament for the area is Brandon—Souris MP Larry Maguire.
Six kilometres west of Hartney are the Lauder Sand Hills.
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, Hartney had a population of 499 living in 210 of its 231 total private dwellings, a change of 8% from its 2016 population of 462. With a land area of 2.68 km2 (1.03 sq mi), it had a population density of 186.2/km2 (482.2/sq mi) in 2021.[3]

This Manitoba location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Older... Budweiser is the third album by the American band Gang Green, released in 1989.[1][2]
It was the last album of new material to emerge from the band until 1997's EP, Back & Gacked, but was followed by a live album, Can't LIVE Without It, in 1990. After the album was released, bass player Joe Gittleman left the band and replaced for the tour by D.R.I.'s Josh Pappe.[3]
It was the first time the band had recorded outside of their Boston, Massachusetts, hometown. Rhode Island was the new setting, with Tom Soares replacing Daniel Rey at the mixing and production table.
Older... Budweiser marked a change in sound for the band.
Songwriting was no longer mostly a solo effort on the part of Doherty. Nearly every track was written in partnership with another member. Gittleman was the sole writer of two tracks.
The lyrics changed from fun, beer-drinking, womanizing anthems to more socio-political themes—except "Bedroom of Doom", which reverted to form. "We Can Go" was an acknowledgement that they knew they had disappointed some fans by "selling out" or "going metal", but it contained the message that no matter what the genre, they could still enjoy a punk or metal show.
"Church of Fun" was a stab at the widespread prominence of evangelism.
The up-beat catchy melodies had dissipated somewhat, making way for a darker mood, which returns on "Bedroom of Doom" and gives way to full on thrash metal on "Casio Jungle", an attack on electronica music.
"Ballad" features an orchestra, which was used in an ironic fashion.
The band kept its "local" Boston Hardcore-style sound. The album contained some metallic attributes and also proved the band had more than one dimension lyrically.
The Washington Post determined that "the Greens are funnier when the gag is musical, as in 'Ballad', a convincing attempt at a pop-metal ballad complete with acoustic guitar, whistling and strings."[5]
AllMusic noted that, "while the theme remains the same, Gang Green takes a musical leap into the great punk rock musical unknown by incorporating violins and other string instruments on the aptly titled cut."[4] Trouser Press stated: "Driven by the rhythm section's charging gallop, Doherty's frantic shouts and Erickson’s full-throttle arena-scale guitar lift the quartet out of small-scale adolescent punk to embrace metal, speed-rock and regular ol' hard rock."[6]
Since it was formed in 1977, the Australian Democrats have had a number of elected representatives at the federal, state and local level in Australia.[1]
As of 2025, the Democrats do not have any elected representatives.[2] Robin Millhouse is recognised as the party's first parliamentarian, while David Winderlich is the last member of the party to sit in any Australian parliament.[3][4]
John Baptista Ashe
Democratic-Republican
James Turner
Democratic-Republican
The 1802 North Carolina gubernatorial special election was held on 4 December 1802 in order to elect the Governor of North Carolina following the death of Governor-elect John Baptista Ashe on 27 November 1802. Democratic-Republican candidate and former member of the North Carolina Senate James Turner was elected by the North Carolina General Assembly against fellow Democratic-Republican candidate and former member of the U.S. House of Representatives from North Carolina's 9th district Thomas Blount and fellow Democratic-Republican candidate and former member of the North Carolina House of Representatives John R. Eaton.[1]
On election day, 4 December 1802, Democratic-Republican candidate James Turner was elected by the North Carolina General Assembly by a margin of 61 votes against his foremost opponent Democratic-Republican candidate Thomas Blount, thereby retaining Democratic-Republican control over the office of Governor. Turner was sworn in as the 12th Governor of North Carolina on 6 December 1802.[2]The RGD-5 (Ruchnaya Granata Distantsionnaya, English "Hand Grenade Remote") is a post–World War II Soviet anti-personnel fragmentation grenade, designed in the early 1950s.  The RGD-5 was accepted into service with the Soviet Army in 1954. It was widely exported, and is still in service with many armies in the Middle East and the former Soviet bloc.
The grenade is egg-shaped without ribbing, except for a lateral ridge where the two halves of the grenade join. It weighs 310 grams (11 oz), is 117 millimetres (4.6 in) in length, and 58 millimetres (2.3 in) in diameter. The surface has a few small dimples with green or olive drab paint.
It contains a 110-gram (3.9 oz) charge of TNT with an internal fragmentation liner that produces around 350 fragments with a fatality radius of around 3 metres (9.8 ft)[1] and a wounding radius of 25 metres (82 ft).[2][3][4]
Typically, the RGD-5 uses the 3.2 to 4.2 second delay UZRG, UZRGM, or UZRGM-2 fuze, a universal Russian type also used in the RG-41, RG-42, and F1 grenades or the more modern DVM-78 fuze.  It is also possible to screw a MUV booby-trap firing device into the fuze well.[5]
The RGD-5 can be thrown about 35 to 45 metres (115 to 148 ft) by the average soldier and on throwing, the grenade makes a loud "crack" sound as its spoon falls out activating the fuze.
It is still manufactured in Russia with copies produced in Bulgaria, China (as the Type 59) and Georgia. Millions of RGD-5s and its clones have been manufactured over the years and although not as advanced as more modern grenades specifically designed to penetrate CRISAT standard body armour, the RGD-5 is an effective and inexpensive weapon. A single RGD-5 grenade costs around $5 US, making it affordable.
The AK-47 can mount a (rarely used) cup-type grenade-launcher that fires standard Soviet RGD-5 hand-grenades. The soup-can shaped launcher is screwed onto the AK-47's muzzle.[6]  It is prepared for firing by inserting a standard RGD-5 hand-grenade into the launcher, removing the safety pin, and inserting a special blank cartridge into the rifle's chamber.  With the butt-stock of the rifle on the ground it can be fired.
The maximum effective range is approximately 150 metres (492 ft).[7]
The URG-N is a reusable training model of the RGD-5 with a modified fuze containing a tiny explosive charge which simulates the detonation of the grenade.  The body of this grenade is painted black with white markings.
On 10 May 2005, Vladimir Arutyunian, a Georgian citizen and ethnic Armenian, waited for the United States President George W. Bush and Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili to speak in Tbilisi's central Liberty Square. When Bush began speaking, Arutyunian threw an RGD-5 hand grenade wrapped in a red plaid handkerchief toward the podium where Bush stood as he addressed the crowd. The grenade landed 18.6 metres (61 ft) from the podium, near where Saakashvili, his wife Sandra Roelofs, Laura Bush, and other officials were seated.[28]
The grenade failed to detonate. Although original reports indicated that the grenade was not live, it was later revealed that it was.[29] After Arutyunian pulled the pin and threw the grenade, it hit a girl, cushioning its impact. The red handkerchief remained wrapped around the grenade, and it prevented the striker lever from releasing. A Georgian security officer quickly removed the grenade, and Arutyunian disappeared, but was later arrested.[28][30]
The Order "13 Centuries of Bulgaria" (Bulgarian: Орден «XIII века България») was an award of the People's Republic of Bulgaria.
The order was instituted on October 16, 1981 by decree No.2191 of the State Council of the People's Republic of Bulgaria, to commemorate the 13-centuries anniversary of the Bulgarian state.[1] It was awarded to Bulgarian and foreign citizens for outstanding services to People's Republic of Bulgaria.[2] This could be services or legal entities in support of education, science, culture, restoration and preservation of historical and cultural values, health care and other social spheres.[3]
The badge consists of a five-pointed star, 75mm in diameter. In the centre there is a square of gold, which depicts mediaeval frescoes from the Veliki Preslav Palace surrounded by green-enamelled olive branches. It bears the number 681, the year of the creation of the Bulgarian state. It is worn on a sash 85mm wide, beige/off-white with a white, green and red central stripe.
The star of the order is five-pointed, 80mm in diameter. In the centre there is a similar medallion to that on the badge. Awardees also receive a miniature star to wear as a lapel badge.
The insignia was designed by Professor Valentin Starchev and the artist M. Markov, and was made in the State Mint.
The order has been awarded about 100 times. Among the recipients are:Dobrynskoye is the name of several rural localities in Russia:Pedro de Alcántara Alonso Pérez de Guzmán y Lopez-Pacheco, 14th Duke of Medina Sidonia (Madrid, 25 August 1724 – Vilafranca del Penedès, 6 January 1779) was a Spanish noble who became Duke of Medina Sidonia in 1739.
His parents were Domingo José Claros Pérez de Guzmán, 13th Duke of Medina Sidonia and Josefa Fenicula López Pacheco y Moscoso-Osorio (1703-1763), daughter of the 9th Duke of Escalona.
He was married on 22 October 1743, aged 19, to Mariana de Silva y Álvarez de Toledo, whose mother was María Teresa Álvarez de Toledo Haro, and 11th Duchess of Alba de Tormes in her own right.
He became a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece in 1753, aged 29. He was also Caballerizo mayor to King Charles III. [1]
He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in November 1749.[2][3]
On the death of his cousin María Ana López Pacheco, XIV Marquise of Aguilar de Campoo in 1768, he inherited all her titles.
Pedro de Alcántara also died without issue, and all his titles passed to his cousin José Álvarez de Toledo.

James Charles Hindmarsh (born 11 April 1952) was a rugby union player who represented Australia, then latterly played the 1977–78 season rugby league for Penrith.
Hindmarsh, a fullback, was born in Bowral, New South Wales and schooled at The Scots College in Sydney. He claimed a total of 9 international rugby caps for Australia.
After that he played reserve grade in the NSWRFL Premiership for the Penrith Panthers club.[2]

This Australian rugby league football biography is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to Australian rugby union is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Stand Together Against Neighborhood Drilling (STAND-L.A.) is an environmental justice coalition of community groups that seeks to end neighborhood drilling in Los Angeles, California. The coalition hopes to establish a human health buffer around existing oil wells in Los Angeles to protect the health and safety of Angelenos affected by urban oil extraction.
STAND-L.A. was founded in 2013 but came together officially in 2014[clarification needed] under the name STAND-L.A.[1] It organizes around several urban oil sites, including the Inglewood Oil Field, Wilmington Oil Field, and Porter Ranch.[2] These oil extraction sites operate in the neighborhoods of coalition members.
STAND-L.A.’s founding members include:
Arhopala araxes is a butterfly in the family Lycaenidae. It was described by Cajetan Felder and Rudolf Felder in 1865. It is found in the Indomalayan realm.[2]
A. araxes is of the size of A.amantes which the under surface
resembles, though the postmedian transverse band of the forewing is not distinctly interrupted behind the cell.The upper surface of the male shows almost the deep dark blue colour of the continental forms of A. centaurus, butthe whole proximal parts of both wings are of a bright light blue ( morpho-blue). In the female the upper surface is dark brown, the forewing with a medium-sized, the hindwing with a larger light blue discal spot, which in the forewing extends to the centre of the wing, in the hindwing a little beyond it.[3]The 2008–09 IFA Championship (known as the Ladbrokes.com Championship for sponsorship reasons) was the first season of a major overhaul of the league system in Northern Ireland. The 2008–09 Championship consisted of one division of 17 clubs, with the clubs having intermediate status. The Championship served as the second tier of Northern Irish football for this season. With no promotion from the IFA Interim Intermediate League this season, from next season the division would be reduced to 14 clubs, with the newly introduced Championship 2 having 15.
Portadown were the champions, achieving promotion back to the top flight after only one season of absence. Donegal Celtic finished as runners-up but lost out on promotion as they were defeated on the away goals rule by Dungannon Swifts, when the Promotion/relegation play-off finished 2–2 on aggregate.
The bottom 3 clubs (Tobermore United, Dergview and Killymoon Rangers) were relegated to the newly introduced Championship 2 for next season.
From next season, the IFA Championship would consist of two divisions, Championships 1 and 2. The IFA Interim Intermediate League was introduced as a temporary third-tier league for the 2008–09 season only, consisting of the former members of the IFA Intermediate League (dissolved in 2008) who did not meet the criteria for the new Championship 2; it consisted of 12 clubs. Members of the Interim League had one year to make improvements in order to gain entry to Championship 2 for next season.
10 of the 12 clubs managed to meet the criteria, along with Sport & Leisure Swifts and Knockbreda who both achieved intermediate status, with only Brantwood and Oxford United Stars failing to do so. Harland & Wolff Welders were the champions. There was no promotion from the Interim League which meant that Championship 1 would be reduced to 14 clubs, with Championship 2 having 15.
The Wyck house, also known as the Haines house or Hans Millan house, is a historic mansion, museum, garden, and urban farm in the Germantown neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was recognized as a National Historic Landmark in 1971 for its well-preserved condition and its documentary records, which span nine generations of a single family.[4][5][6]
During the American Revolution, the Wyck house was occupied by British forces and used as a field hospital during the Battle of Germantown, in October 1777.[7][6] Wyck was the site of an early American brewery from 1794 to 1801,[8] and later became a meeting place of influential American scientists and artists including Thomas Say, Charles Lucien Bonaparte, John James Audubon, Thomas Nuttall, William Cooper, William Maclure, Charles Alexandre Lesueur, Margaretta Morris, Elizabeth Carrington Morris, and George Ord.[9][10] Wyck is the type locality of the Queen snake (Regina septemvittata), discovered on the second floor of the house by Reuben Haines III and described in 1825 by Thomas Say.[11][12] It is also the type locality of the terrestrial gastropod Ventridens suppressus (Say 1829).[13][14]
The house was renovated in 1824 by William Strickland, the famous Greek revivalist architect.[5] The following year, Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette returned to visit the sites of the Battle of Germantown, and was hosted in a reception at Wyck.[6][15]
Wyck's earliest owner was Hans Millan (also spelled Milan), a Quaker who came from Germany by 1689, and was a descendant of a Swiss Mennonite family.[5] His daughter, Margaret, married a Dutch Quaker named Dirck Jansen, who prospered as a linen weaver in the first half of the 18th century. By the time of his death, he was listed as a gentleman and had Anglicized his name to Dirk Johnson. Their daughter, Catherine, married Caspar Wistar, a German who became a Quaker and amassed a sizable fortune as a button maker, glassmaker and investor in land.[6][16]
In the next generation, Margaret Wistar (daughter of Catherine and Caspar) married Reuben Haines, a brewer and merchant of English descent from Burlington County, NJ.[17] In 1771, Reuben funded the construction of a road (now Pennsylvania Route 45) from Sunbury through the "Woodward Narrows", to the modern site of Spring Mill — the first road in what is now Centre County.[18] The modern boundaries of Penn Township (formed 1844) and a portion of Gregg Township (formed 1826) were annexed from a larger Haines Township (now only 148.6 km2) that was established before Centre County was officially declared in 1800.[18]
Their son Caspar Wistar Haines continued the family businesses and married Hannah Marshall, a member of another Quaker family.[17] Wyck then passed to Reuben Haines III (1786–1831) and his wife Jane (Bowne) Haines (1792–1843).[16] After their deaths, Wyck was passed to their youngest daughter, Jane Reuben Haines, who lived here until 1911, carefully preserving the house, furnishings and gardens.[6]
Wyck served as a summer home until Reuben Haines III moved his family into it as their permanent residence. Shortly after this move, he hired his friend, William Strickland, to remodel the entire building. Reuben is also responsible for Wyck's name, as nobody with the last name Wyck ever married into the family. On one of his many travels, Reuben came across a landscape sketch of Wyck the Seat of Richard Haines esq. Believing that Richard Haines was a relative, Reuben brought the sketch back to his house, and started calling his own home Wyck. It was later revealed that Reuben's family had no connection to Richard Haines, but the name stuck.[6]
In the eighth generation, Jane B. Haines founded the first school of horticulture for women, the Pennsylvania School of Horticulture for Women, which is now Temple Ambler, and one brother, Caspar, helped design the Mexican railway system; while another, Robert, invented a gauge for measuring steel in rolling mills.[6]
The last owners, Robert B. Haines and his wife Mary (Troth) Haines, were fruit growers. Robert patented a device to press apples for a more natural tasting juice.[19] In 1973, after Robert's death, Mary Haines initiated the transfer of Wyck and its private collections, and since 1978 the site has been run by the Wyck Association.[6] Today, Wyck is maintained as a house museum.[20]
Wyck is an architecturally innovative house with an old-fashioned skin. From the outside it appears colonial in plan and design with some fashionable accents such as the late 18th-century whitewashed stucco.
The house is actually an accumulation of 18th-century parts: the hall (c. 1700–1720), the front parlor (1736) and the library and dining room from (1771–1773, which replaced a c. 1690 log structure.)
The house has been little altered since 1824, when Philadelphia architect William Strickland dramatically rearranged its interior spaces to create an open plan, allowing light to flood each room and bringing the pleasures of the garden inside. Strickland also added a set of "folding doors", which swing on a 90-degree angle, allowing the owners to close off two rooms with only one door.
Miodera is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.

This Hadeninae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Wedell-Williams Model 22 was a racing aircraft, two examples of which were built in the United States in the early 1930s by the Wedell-Williams Air Service Corporation. It was one of three early projects by aircraft designer Jimmy Wedell to create a racer and was built specifically to compete in the 1930 All-American Flying Derby from Buffalo to Detroit. It was a braced, low-wing monoplane originally powered by an inline Cirrus engine and equipped with fixed landing gear in large spats.
A replica Model 22 is on display at the Wedell-Williams Aviation & Cypress Sawmill Museum, Patterson, Louisiana.
Experienced air-racer Wedell formed a business partnership in 1929 with millionaire Harry P. Williams after giving him flying lessons. Initial plans were to teach flying, provide an aerial photography service and win an airmail contract. Wedell's passion for air-racing led him to convince Williams to build a racer for the January, 1930 Miami Air Races.
This first aircraft was named "We-Will" but as development and testing continued it became apparent it would not be ready for the 1930 Miami event. Wedell halted development of the "We-Will" design and began two new aircraft, the "We-Winc" and the "We-Will Jr".[1]
Of these two aircraft, the We-Will Jr would eventually evolve into the "Model 22". It was designed to compete in the American Cirrus Engine Company's "All-American Flying Derby". The only requirement was one of the Cirrus aircraft engines be used in the competing racer. Williams chose the supercharged 110 hp Hi-Drive engine which was a popular choice of racers at the time. Gross weight was 1,660 lbs and it could carry 54 gallons of gasoline.[2]
The race began at Detroit, Michigan on July 21, 1930 and was a 5,500 mile cross country endurance race that would end back in Detroit.[3] The hazardous nature of the journey and level of technology at the time challenged the participants and their machines to the utmost. Wedell, piloting the NR10337 and sporting the race number 17, was in contention for first place all the way to the stop at Houston. After this mechanical trouble hampered his efforts and reduced his finish to eighth place.[4]
The NR10337 was next entered in the 1930 National Air Races in Chicago. With the underpowered Cirrus Hi-Drive the performance of the craft was disappointing. Wedell flew in the 350cu free-for-all, finishing third and in the 450cu free-for-all finishing fifth.
Wedell turned his attention to the larger We-Will and We-Willc, with the NR10337 languishing until 1932. In order to compete in the lower power classes, the aircraft was substantially rebuilt. The fuselage was shortened from the wing root aft, the wings were shortened while the Cirrus engine was retained.  A Hamilton Standard ground adjustable propeller was fitted for the first time to the Cirrus. The cockpit and cowling were redesigned to be more aerodynamic. Aerodynamic wheel "pants" and "spats" made its first appearance on a Wedell-Williams design, a feature that would be an icon of its larger, more successful cousins. The aircraft was re-registered as NR60Y and was officially designated "Model 22". In this configuration the NR60Y competed in smaller races throughout the south during 1932.
In preparation for the 1933 Los Angeles National Air Races, the NR60Y's Cirrus engine was replaced with a Menasco B6 Buccaneer air-cooled engine. Given race number 54, it was entered in the Shell Speed Dash 550cu race and piloted by W.A. McDonald. In the preliminary events, the Menasco proved troublesome and performance was disappointing. While taxiing, the Menasco engine backfired and ignited the fabric fuselage. The engine was removed from the frame and later installed in the NR64Y. The frame was placed in storage at the Western Airways hangar in Los Angeles until 1934 when Dave Elmendorf purchased it.[5]
1933 brought more development on the Model 22. A second aircraft, NR64Y, was begun in cooperation with the Delgato Trade School in New Orleans. Construction of this aircraft was overseen by a senior mechanic E.D. Dennis. The entire rear fuselage was covered mainly with plywood utilizing a Delgato design. Not ready in time for the 1933 Nationals, NR64Y was trucked to Chicago for the 1933 International Air Races. After a brief test flight on September 1, the aircraft proved to be underpowered with the Menasco B6. Wedell entered one event but retired after a single lap. Testing continued briefly on February 5, 1934, but Wedell decided that further testing of the NR64Y was not warranted and donated the aircraft to Louisiana State University where it was eventually scrapped.
In 1934, Elmendorf began reconstruction of his Model 22. Al Novotny, a former Wedell-Williams employee was hired for the work. A Menasco B6 was fitted to the airframe. Elmendorf flew the NR60Y from Los Angeles to Cleveland for the 1935 National Air Races. He entered the 549cu race as number 22 and qualified fourth but finished a disappointing seventh. In 1936, Elmendorf sold NR60Y and it is presumed the airframe was scrapped.
General characteristics
Performance
Related development
Wedell-Williams Model 44 -
Wedell-Williams Model 45 -
Wedell-Williams XP-34
The pale-headed brushfinch (Atlapetes pallidiceps) is a species of bird in the family Passerellidae. It is endemic to arid areas with low scrub at altitudes of 1,650–1,800 m (5,410–5,910 ft) in south-central Ecuador.
It is threatened by habitat loss and the nest-parasitic shiny cowbird. Most of its tiny known range, estimated at only 1 km2 by BirdLife International, is within the Yunguilla reserve, which, following the rediscovery of this species in 1998, was set up by the Jocotoco Foundation. Following intensive management, including the removal of cowbirds, the population of the pale-headed brushfinch is currently increasing. Further increase, however, may be limited by a lack of suitable habitat.
Atlapetes pallidiceps thrives in regenerating landslides and fallow fields at elevations of 1,650 to 1,950 meters. This bird's habitat, concentrated in the Yunguilla Valley near Girón, Azuay, features dense low scrub, small clearings, and Chusquea bamboo patches. The species, often seen in pairs foraging within 2 meters of the ground, strategically places nests in thickets of small bushes or bamboo. Limited to the río Jubones drainage in Azuay and Loja, south Ecuador, Atlapetes pallidiceps remains primarily localized within identified patches, emphasizing its habitat specificity.[1]
The Pale-headed Brush-finch (Atlapetes pallidiceps) is classified as Endangered, with fewer than 250 mature individuals. Conservation efforts between 2003 and 2012 led to a population increase, but the species remains in a precarious state. A decline in conservation work may lead to an uplisting to Critically Endangered. Despite a stable population, ongoing efforts are crucial for the survival and potential recovery of this species.[1]
The Pale-headed Brush-finch (Atlapetes pallidiceps) faces significant threats, notably brood parasitism by the Shiny Cowbird, with a 42% parasitism rate in 2002. Successful cowbird control since 2003 has positively impacted the population. The species is vulnerable to fires, leading to reduced adult survival, and is potentially threatened by droughts, as water availability influences adult survival. A high annual turnover of 40% in singing males suggests rapid vulnerability to changes in management or new threats.[1]
The Beech Street Brick Street is an historic section of the Beech Street roadway in Texarkana, Arkansas. It consists of a section of road, between 14th and 24th Streets, which was paved in brick c. 1904. It is a residential road located northeast of Texarkana's downtown, and is about 3,425 feet (1,044 m) long and 23 feet (7.0 m) wide. The bricks, which measure 4 by 8.5 inches (10 by 22 cm), are laid in a running bond pattern. The road section is a rare surviving example of the use of brick as a paving material, as most such roads have since been paved over with asphalt.[2]
The road section was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2007.[1] It contributes to the historic significance of the Beech Street Historic District, which includes the residential properties on Beech Street and some adjacent roads.[3]
This article about a property in Miller County, Arkansas on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Dobjoi or Doqoi is a village and township in the Tibet Autonomous Region, in China.
28°50′N 90°40′E﻿ / ﻿28.833°N 90.667°E﻿ / 28.833; 90.667
This Tibet location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Europe/Africa Zone was one of three zones of regional competition in the 1997 Fed Cup.
The fifteen teams were divided into three pools of four and one pool of three teams. The top teams of each pool play-off in a two-round knockout stage to decide which nation progresses to World Group II play-offs. The two nations winning the least rubbers were relegated to Europe/Africa Zone Group II for 1998.
The twenty-five teams were divided into three pools of six and one pool of seven. The top teams from each pool advanced to Group I for 1998.The 1993 CA-TennisTrophy was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Wiener Stadthalle in Vienna, Austria and was part of the World Series of the 1993 ATP Tour. It was the 19th edition of the tournament and took place from 18 October until 25 October 1993. Second-seeded Goran Ivanišević won the singles title.
Goran Ivanišević defeated  Thomas Muster 4–6, 6–4, 6–4, 7–6(7–3)
Byron Black /  Jonathan Stark defeated  Mike Bauer /  David Prinosil 6–3, 7–6The Sun City Carnival Tour was the ninth headlining concert tour by American country music singer Kenny Chesney, in support of both his twelfth studio album, Lucky Old Sun (2008), and his second greatest hits compilation, Greatest Hits II (2009). The tour began on April 17, 2009, in Uncasville, Connecticut, ending on September 19, of that year in Indianapolis, Indiana. This tour was the biggest country music tour for 2009 and the sixth overall in music.
The Frisco, Texas concert was abruptly called-off due to torrential rain and lighting fifty minutes into the show, and was made-up on May 17, 2009.
Erigeron aureus, the Alpine yellow fleabane, is a species of flowering plant in the family Asteraceae, native to the Cascades and Rocky Mountains of northwestern North America (Alberta, British Columbia, Washington).[3][4] The specific epithet aureus means "golden yellow".[5]
Erigeron aureus is native to the Cascades and Rocky Mountains of northwestern North America (Alberta, British Columbia, Washington).[6] It grows in high mountains on exposed ridges and rocky slopes and in rock crevices.[3][7]
Erigeron aureus is a very small, short-lived herbaceous perennial growing to 10 cm (4 in), rarely 20 cm (8 in) tall. It has tufts of hairy grey-green leaves with large solitary yellow daisy-like flower heads to 2.5 cm (0.98 in) wide, appearing in summer.[8][7][9][10]
Erigeron aureus  is suitable for cultivation in a rockery, wall or similar sunny, well-drained site.
In the UK it thrives in the warmer western and southern coastal areas, though it is listed as hardy down to −10 °C (14 °F).[11] The cultivar 'Canary Bird', longer-lived than wild populations of the species, has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.[11][12]

This Erigeron article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Brand is a municipality in the district of Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.
This Tirschenreuth district location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Michael Ray Bourn (born December 27, 1982) is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) center fielder who played for the Philadelphia Phillies, Houston Astros, Atlanta Braves, Cleveland Indians, Arizona Diamondbacks, and Baltimore Orioles between 2006 and 2016.[1] He also played internationally for the United States national baseball team.
Bourn was raised in Houston, Texas, where he attended Nimitz High School and the University of Houston, playing baseball.  He was named to the NL All-Star team in both 2010 and 2012 and won consecutive Gold Glove Awards in 2009 and 2010. Bourn also led MLB in stolen bases in 2011, and led the National League in stolen bases from 2009 to 2011. He was as of 2018 in 119th place on the all-time Major League Baseball stolen base list, with 341.
Michael Ray Bourn was born in Houston, Texas on December 27, 1982, the first of two sons to parents Carrie and Raymond. As a child, Michael played three sports, baseball, basketball and football.[2] His Little League team was coached by his father. Teammates included Carl Crawford.  At the age of 10, his father had him facing 85-mile-per-hour (137 km/h) pitching in a batting cage.[3]
Bourn attended Nimitz High School in Houston. He was drafted by the Houston Astros in the 19th round of the 2000 Major League Baseball draft out of high school but declined to sign. He planned to continue his baseball career at Galveston College until Todd Whitting, then an assistant coach for the Houston Cougars baseball team, saw him playing AAU baseball and decided to offer him a scholarship.[4]
He played college baseball with the Cougars for three seasons. While he displayed little power, collecting only two home runs and 23 extra-base hits in 644 at-bats, he won attention from professional scouts by posting a .431 on-base percentage and stealing 90 bases in 119 attempts.[5] In 2002, he played collegiate summer baseball in the Cape Cod Baseball League for the Yarmouth-Dennis Red Sox.[6][7]
He was named to the All-Tournament Team at the 2002 Conference USA baseball tournament, in which Houston was the runner-up.[8]
In June 2003, following his junior year, the Philadelphia Phillies drafted Bourn in the fourth round, with the 115th overall selection of baseball's first-year player draft. Bourn signed shortly after the draft, and was assigned to play for the Batavia Muckdogs of the Class A-Short Season New York–Penn League.
In 2004, Bourn was the starting center fielder with the Lakewood BlueClaws of the Class A South Atlantic League. Bourn ended the season with a .433 on-base percentage and an OPS of .903, earning 85 bases on balls in 109 games. He also stole 57 bases in 63 attempts – a success rate of over ninety percent. Following the season, he was named to Baseball America's Top Ten Prospects list for the Phillies organization.[citation needed]
Bourn started the 2006 season with the Reading Phillies of the Class AA Eastern League, and was promoted to the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Red Barons of the Class AAA International League late in July 2006. In early September 2006, Bourn took a brief hiatus from his professional obligations to play for the USA Olympic qualifying team, for whom he hit two home runs to help Team USA defeat Cuba in the gold-medal game. Bourn was then promoted to the expanded major league roster. He was sent to home plate to bat only 11 times during the month of September, but was used frequently as a pinch runner as the Phillies competed for the National League's wild card position (ultimately coming up two games short) to the Los Angeles Dodgers. Disappointingly, he stole only one base in three attempts during the month, and was memorably tagged out after accidentally oversliding second base on a steal attempt in a late-season loss against the Washington Nationals on September 26, 2006.[9]
In August–September 2006, Bourn played for the United States national baseball team in the qualification for the 2008 Summer Olympics. He hit two home runs in the final game of the qualifying tournament against Cuba.[10]
After a strong performance during spring training in 2007, Bourn won a position on the Phillies' major league roster to begin the year.  He was used sparingly, appearing primarily as a frequent defensive replacement in left field for Pat Burrell.
On July 15, 2007, Bourn hit his first career home run as the Phillies recorded their 10,000th franchise loss by losing to the St. Louis Cardinals 10–2.[11] On July 27, Bourn was in the Phillies' starting lineup for the first time due to injuries to both Chase Utley and Aaron Rowand, and had his first 4-hit game in an 8–1 rout of the Pirates, in which he scored two runs.
Bourn finished third among all NL rookies with 18 stolen bases, and was caught only once.[12]  He batted .277.
On November 7, 2007, Bourn was traded along with Geoff Geary and Mike Costanzo to the Houston Astros for Brad Lidge and Eric Bruntlett.[13] Houston's General Manager, Ed Wade, declared Bourn as the 2008 Astros' leadoff hitter and starting center fielder, effectively moving Hunter Pence to right field.
Bourn stole 41 bases in 2008. He finished the season with a .229 batting average and a major league-low .288 on-base percentage and a major league-low OPS of .588, while striking out 111 times in his 467 at-bats.[14]
In 2009 spring training, Bourn led all players in steals, with 13, while being caught twice. Bourn had a major turnaround year, as he finished with 61 stolen bases, which was the most in the National League and second in the Majors only to the 70 steals by Jacoby Ellsbury, to go along with a .285 batting average and a .354 on-base percentage in 157 games, as well as 27 doubles and 12 triples (tied for second most in the Majors with Stephen Drew) in 606 at bats. Bourn's OPS went from .588 in 2008 to .738 in 2009, which was the eighth best improvement in the Majors.[15] His much improved play prompted former manager Cecil Cooper to informally name him the club MVP before he was fired.[16] The Houston chapter of the Baseball Writers' Association of America formally named Bourn the Astros 2009 team MVP shortly after the end of the season.[17]
Changing his uniform number to 21, Bourn followed up his breakout season with another successful year in 2010, being elected to the National League All-Star team[18] and was in the outfield when the final out of the game was recorded. Bourn suffered an oblique injury on September 19 while swinging at a pitch,[19] causing him to miss the final 3 weeks of the season. He finished the year hitting .265 with a .341 on-base percentage and a .346 slugging percentage. He won a Fielding Bible Award for his statistically based defensive excellence in center field during the year.[20] He was later awarded his second consecutive Gold Glove award on November 10.[21]
In July 2011, prior to the trade deadline, Bourn was traded to the Atlanta Braves for Jordan Schafer, Brett Oberholtzer, Paul Clemens and Juan Abreu. Bourn finished 2011 with a career best .294 batting average and 61 stolen bases (39 with the Astros and 22 with the Braves).[22]
Bourn was named a candidate in the All-Star Final Vote, with the winner being added to the 2012 MLB All-Star Game roster. Bourn finished second behind David Freese[23] but was added to the roster a day later as a replacement for the injured Ian Desmond.[24]
In 2012, Bourn hit .274 and with a .739 OPS for the Braves. He stole 42 bases and hit a career high nine home runs. His 155 strikeouts were a new career high.[1] Bourn finished 18th in the voting for the N.L. MVP.[25]
In November, Bourn rejected the Braves $13.3 million qualifying offer and became a free agent.[26]
On February 11, 2013, Bourn agreed to a four-year, $48 million contract with the Cleveland Indians that includes a vesting option for 2017, which would be met if he records 550 plate appearances in the final guaranteed year, 2016.[27] He is the Tribe's first player to wear a number 24 on his back since Grady Sizemore from 2004 to 2011.
Bourn played in 130 games in 2013, as he battled injuries throughout the season. He had 23 steals, which was his lowest total since 2007,[28] when he was with the Philadelphia Phillies.
On May 27, 2014, Bourn robbed White Sox captain Paul Konerko of a two-run homer in the 8th inning.[29] The Indians lost that game 2–1. On May 30, Bourn collected his 1,000 career hit in eventual win over the Colorado Rockies.[30] Two days later on June 1, Bourn hit a walk-off two-run home run to lead the Indians to a 6–4 win over and three–game sweep of the Rockies.[31]
Bourn struggled offensively to begin the 2015 season. On April 26 against the Detroit Tigers, he was dropped from the leadoff spot in the lineup for the first time as a Cleveland Indian as a result of his struggles, batting ninth instead.[32]
On August 7, 2015, the Indians traded Bourn and Nick Swisher with cash considerations to the Atlanta Braves for Chris Johnson.[33] He was designated for assignment on April 2, 2016,[34] and released on April 14.[35]
Bourn signed a minor league contract with the Toronto Blue Jays on April 22, 2016.[36] He was assigned to the Advanced-A Dunedin Blue Jays, and hit .257 in 9 games before being released on May 7.[37][38]
On May 10, 2016, Bourn signed a minor league contract with the Arizona Diamondbacks.[39] The Diamondbacks assigned Bourn to the Mobile BayBears of the Class AA Southern League.[40] After playing in five games for Mobile, the Diamondbacks promoted Bourn to the major leagues.[41]
In 89 games with the Diamondbacks, Bourn slashed .262/.307/.373 with 21 extra-base hits while driving in 30 runs and stealing 13 bases.
The Diamondbacks traded Bourn to the Baltimore Orioles for Jason Heinrich on August 31, 2016.[42] Bourn made an immediate impact with the O's, hitting .283 with 2 home runs, 8 RBIs and two outfield assists in 24 games.
On February 20, 2017, Bourn re-signed with the Orioles to a minor league contract.[43] He was released on March 27,[44] but later resigned on April 11.[45] The Orioles released him again on May 24, 2017.
On June 2, 2017, Bourn signed a minor league deal with the Angels.[46] On July 2, 2017, the Angels released Bourn.[47]
In 2022, Bourn served as a color commentator for the Philadelphia Phillies Radio Network. During a game between the Philadelphia Phillies and the San Diego Padres, Phillies star Bryce Harper was hit by a pitch in the hand, which broke his thumb. Bourn, who was commentating during the game, responded by saying "oooh shit!" Bourn later apologized for the expletive stating "excuse my language, I think a word might have slipped out there."[48] While seen as a raw talent, Bourn was praised for his excitement and passion while in the booth. In 2023, it was announced that Bourn would not return to the broadcasting booth.[49]
Bourn's first son, Bryson, was born in 2009.[50] Bourn has two daughters Blair and Bailey, the latter of whom was born in 2018. His wife, Nikita, owns a babysitting business and he owns three apartment complexes in Houston.[4] Bourn is a member of the Churches of Christ.[51]
The Shire of South Gippsland is a local government area in Victoria, Australia, located in the south-eastern part of the state. It covers an area of 3,296 square kilometres (1,273 sq mi) and, in June 2018, had a population of 29,576.
It includes the towns of Leongatha, Korumburra, Foster, Poowong, Mirboo North and Meeniyan. It was formed in 1994 from the amalgamation of the former Shire of South Gippsland with the Shire of Mirboo, and parts of the Shire of Korumburra and Shire of Woorayl.[2]
The Shire is governed and administered by the South Gippsland Shire Council; its seat of local government and administrative centre is located at the council headquarters in Leongatha, it also has a service centre located in Mirboo North. The Shire is named after the Gippsland region, in which the LGA occupies the southernmost portion, including Wilsons Promontory at the southern tip of the Australian continent.
The council is composed of three wards and nine councillors, with three councillors per ward elected to represent each ward.[3] The entire council were sacked by the state government on 19 June 2019 due to bullying allegations and general dysfunctionality.[4] The council was run by administrators until 2021 when a new council was elected.[5]
The council meets in the council chambers at the council headquarters in the Leongatha Municipal Offices, which is also the location of the council's administrative activities. It also provides customer services at both its administrative centre in Leongatha, and its service centre in Mirboo North.
In the 2021 census, the shire had a population of 30,577, up from 28,703 in the 2016 census.[7]
^ - Territory divided with another LGA
* - Not noted in 2016 Census
# - Not noted in 2021 Census
List of localities (Victoria)
38°35′00″S 146°00′00″E﻿ / ﻿38.58333°S 146.00000°E﻿ / -38.58333; 146.00000
George William Brown (May 30, 1860 – February 17, 1919) was a Canadian politician and the second lieutenant governor of Saskatchewan from 1910 to 1915.
He was elected to the 3rd North-West Legislative Assembly, 4th North-West Legislative Assembly, and 5th North-West Legislative Assembly in the electoral division of North Regina.

This article about a Canadian viceroy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 7th Signal Regiment is an Australian Army signals intelligence (SIGINT) unit. Drawing lineage from the Australian Special Wireless Group (ASWG), which was raised during World War II, the regiment's history includes service in the Allied campaigns in Greece, on Crete and in Syria before taking part in the fighting against the Japanese in New Guinea. After the war, the ASWG was redesignated the 101 Wireless Regiment, deploying detachments overseas during the Malayan Emergency and Confrontation. In the mid-1960s, the unit became the 7th Signals Regiment, taking part in the Vietnam War. The unit is currently part of the 1st Division.
The regiment traces its lineage back to a unit that was raised as part of the Second Australian Imperial Force (2nd AIF) during World War II. The Australian Special Wireless Group (ASWG) was formed as signals intelligence group on 18 May 1942 at Bonegilla, Victoria. With a war establishment of 1,000 personnel, the ASWG was raised out of a smaller unit, No. 4 Australian Special Wireless Section, which had been raised at Seymour, Victoria, in 1940 and had served in Egypt, Greece, Crete, and Syria, before being withdrawn back to Australia after Japan's entry into the war.[1]
From August 1942, females were also recruited into the ASWG. Personnel undertook four months of training, before being formed into sections and deployed to various locations in remote parts of Australia or in New Guinea. The ASWG was headquartered at Kalinga, in Brisbane during the war and eventually 11 field sections were raised in total.[2] By the end of the war, the ASWG had around 4,300 personnel.[1] Parts of the group were later absorbed into the Central Bureau.[3][4][5]
After the conclusion of hostilities, the ASWG was relocated to Cabarlah, Queensland, 12 miles (19 km) north of Toowoomba. In February 1947, it was redesignated the "101 Wireless Regiment", with an authorised strength of two officers and 22 other ranks. Over the next two years, the regiment was expanded and between 1951 and 1959, the regiment deployed a detachment to Malaya in support of Commonwealth forces deployed during the Malayan Emergency. During the early 1960s, the regiment deployed to Borneo during Confrontation, intercepting and decoding Indonesian communications.[1]
A further name change came in December 1964, when it became the 7th Signal Regiment,[2] subsequently deploying a troop – 547 Troop – as part of Australia's contribution to the Vietnam War.[1] The unit continues to exist within the Australian Army today as part of the 6th Brigade, providing an electronic warfare capability. From the 1990s, the regiment provided support for Australian Army deployments to Rwanda, Multinational Force, Somalia, East Timor, Bougainville, Solomon Islands, Iraq and Afghanistan. It is currently based at Borneo Barracks, at Cabarlah and has an establishment of around 250 personnel. The majority of its personnel are members of the Royal Australian Corps of Signals.[6] In June 1995, then Governor-General Bill Hayden was the Reviewing Officer for the regiment's 48th birthday parade held at Borneo Barracks, Cabarlah.[7][8]
When the 6th Brigade was disbanded in December 2024 the 1st Intelligence Battalion was temporarily assigned to the direct command of the 1st Division. It will transfer to the 10th Brigade in late 2025.[9]
As of 2016, the 7th Signal Regiment comprised the following sub-units:[10]Candyman is an American supernatural horror franchise originating from the 1985 short story "The Forbidden" from the collection Books of Blood by Clive Barker, about the legend of the "Candyman", the ghost of an artist and son of a slave who was murdered in the late 19th century. Its film adaptation, Candyman, directed by Bernard Rose in 1992, starred Tony Todd as the title character.
Although the film initially underperformed at the American box office, it became a cult classic. A novelization
and a comic adaptation of the film were released in the same year. Two sequels, Candyman 2: Farewell to the Flesh (1995) and Candyman 3: Day of the Dead (1999), were released. A direct sequel to the original Candyman, directed by Nia DaCosta and produced by Jordan Peele, was released in 2021.
Candyman, the first film in the series, is a 1992 horror film, serving as a loose adaptation of Clive Barker's 1985 short story "The Forbidden" of the collection Books of Blood. The film follows a graduate student, Helen Lyle, who is studying urban legends along with her colleague Bernadette.
She takes a strong interest in learning about a mysterious hook-handed murderer coined as "The Candyman" in the Cabrini Green urban project dwelling which many of the residents feared lived behind the mirrors and the walls of the apartments randomly killing them 'gutting' them with his hook after chanting his name 5 times in a mirror. Helen becomes intrigued by the mythical story that she jokingly summons him in denial and disbelief, later to learn who was really behind the mirror, questioning her reality.
Farewell to the Flesh is the second film in the series.  The film follows the story of a school teacher, Annie Tarrant, who comes to learn about her family's past after losing her father due to his obsession with the Candyman. She denies his existence after hearing her students talk about him and learning that one of her students was obsessed with him. She speaks his name to prove he does not exist, but later finds out who Candyman is.
Day of the Dead is the third film in the series. The story continues with Annie Tarrant's daughter, Caroline Mckeever, who is now an adult. She denies Candyman's existence by protecting her family's bloodline as her business partner Miguel uses the story of her Great Great Grandfather Daniel Robitaille/Candyman in his art exhibit for profit. Caroline soon learns why her mother tried to destroy the myth of Candyman but is caught in his web of deceptive murders, framing her in order for her to submit to become immortal as a family with him in death.
A fourth film in the series was produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Monkeypaw Productions and was released on August 27, 2021.[1] Yahya Abdul-Mateen II stars in the film, while Tony Todd returns to the eponymous role.[2] It is a direct sequel to the first film, taking place twenty-seven years later, in Cabrini Green, Chicago. A young, over-confident visual artist named Anthony McCoy struggles to find inspiration to get him further exposure.
He learns about an old urban legend that took place in the project housing developments at Cabrini Green of a grad student named Helen Lyle who became mentally insane during her research and sacrificed herself to save a baby, which sparks his interest. He further researches the information which leads him to encounter a neighborhood laundromat owner who also reveals his version of the urban legend, which is learned to be of an amputated hook-handed man in the 1970s named Sherman Fields who was wrongfully murdered at the hands of Chicago police officers which Cabrini Green residents believed him to be "The Candyman" who harmed children with razor blades in candy.
Anthony becomes obsessed with these urban legend findings as he uses them for his artwork presentation and to influence the summoning of the spirit of 'The Candyman', but later realizes the consequences of his actions as he learns the real truth behind the legend by his hallucinations, which in turn becomes a deadly reality.
According to Virginia Madsen, Bernard Rose originally wanted the first sequel Candyman 2 to be a prequel showing Candyman and Helen's "look-alike" falling in love, but the idea was turned down because the studio was worried about how a fully-fledged interracial romance would be received.[3]
A possible fourth film was in development in 2004; according to Tony Todd, it was intended to be set in New England at a women's college,[4] and focus on a professor who is a descendant of Candyman but has no idea who he is, with Todd describing "the initial image [being] of Candyman in a blizzard". The film was stuck in development hell.
The slasher crossover film Freddy vs. Jason (2003) also inspired Miramax to want to create a Candyman vs. Hellraiser crossover, but Clive Barker, originator of both franchises, had recommended against it.[5] A crossover with the Leprechaun film series was also considered, but Tony Todd immediately flat out refused to participate in such a project, saying he had too much respect for his character to see him used for such a purpose.[6]
Candyman (1992) and Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh soundtracks were composed by Philip Glass. According to Glass, "it has become a classic, so I still make money from that score, get checks every year".[20] Tony Todd confirmed in an interview with IGN that a limited edition featuring 7500 copies of the film's soundtrack was released in February 2015.[21] The composition "Candyman's Suite: Helen's Theme" became a widely popular theme song for Halloween and was often featured in a few television commercials and series including in one episode of American Horror Story: Asylum.
Candyman: Day of the Dead original score soundtrack was composed by Adam Gorgoni.
Candyman (2021) original score soundtrack was composed by Chicago musician Robert Aiki Aubrey Lowe who used solo compositions based on voice and extended modular synthesis techniques. He expressed in an interview with fellow musician DeForrest Brown Jr. that he used field recordings of Cabrini Green to capture the essence and spirit of the neighborhood and layered it as textural elements on top of the main instruments. In January 2022, Variety reported that Candyman's film score, briefly made the shortlist for the 2022 Academy Awards in the category of Best Original Score, however did not make the official final ballot list. Phillips Glass' score "Helen's Theme/Music Box" was also reimagined by Lowe as a new interpolation on the soundtrack as well as in one scene and end credits of the film.
A board game based on Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh was released during the mid-1990s as a promotional item for the film of the same name.[22][23] The game features a board, 1 die and cards (Hook, Candyman, Voodoo, Mansion Key) that will impact the player or others. The game's premise is stated as "to win, player must proceed clockwise along the streets of New Orleans and get to the mansion with the key card in order to unlock the secret to Candyman's power".[22]
Mohamed El-Mallah (born 23 October 1977) is an Egyptian field hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 2004 Summer Olympics.[1]
This biographical article relating to an Egyptian field hockey figure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Sombrio River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.


This article related to a river in Paraíba, Brazil is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Qar Kalbin (Arabic: قعر كلبين, romanized: Qa‘r Kalbīn; Kurdish: Qar Kelbîn) is a village in northern Aleppo Governorate, northwestern Syria. Situated on the eastern edge of the Queiq Plain, bordering the northern Aqil mountains, it is located 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of Akhtarin, some 35 km (22 mi) northeast of the city of Aleppo, and 15 km (9.3 mi) south of the border to the Turkish province of Kilis.
Administratively the village belongs to Nahiya Akhtarin in A'zaz District. Nearby localities include Aq Burhan 2 km (1.2 mi) to the west, and Tall Battal 3 km (1.9 mi) in the Aqil mountains. In the 2004 census, Qar Kalbin had a population of 618.[1]

This article about a location in Aleppo Governorate, Syria is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Rolande Roberte Ginabat-Falcinelli (18 February 1920 – 11 June 2006) was a French organist, pianist, composer, and music educator.
Rolande Falcinelli (born Ginabat), the grandniece of Marcel Falcinelli and granddaughter of Louis Napoléon Falcinelli (both painters), was born in Paris and entered the Conservatoire de Paris in 1932, where her teachers were noted pianist and pedagogue Isidor Philipp and Abel Estyle (piano), Marcel Samuel-Rousseau (harmony), Simone Plé-Caussade (counterpoint), Henri Büsser (composition), and Marcel Dupré (organ and improvisation). She was the favourite student of the  In 1942, she received the second Grand Prix de Rome in composition.
From 1946 to 1973, she was titular organist at Sacré-Cœur in Paris. She was succeeded by her student Daniel Roth. Additionally, she taught organ at the American Conservatory in Fontainebleau from 1948 to 1955, and at the École Normale de Musique in Paris from 1948 to 1955.
In 1948, at Salle Pleyel in Paris, Rolande Falcinelli performed from memory the (then) complete organ works of Marcel Dupré, whose music was in the center of her interests throughout her career as a performer and teacher.
In 1955, she succeeded Dupré as professor of organ and improvisation at the Paris Conservatory, where she taught until 1987. Among her numerous students were many brilliant organists, such as Patrice Caire, Sophie-Véronique Cauchefer-Choplin, Francis Chapelet, Maurice Clerc, Xavier Darasse, Yves Devernay, Marie-Bernadette Dufourcet, Pierre Gazin, Naji Hakim, André Isoir, Philippe Lefebvre, Jean-Pierre Leguay, Odile Pierre, Pierre Pincemaille, Louis Robilliard, Daniel Roth, and Louis Thiry.
In addition to her numerous organ compositions, she wrote works for piano, harpsichord, solo instruments, orchestra, choir and songs. She also made numerous recordings, including several LPs with compositions of Marcel Dupré at the Auditorium Marcel Dupré in Meudon.
Rolande Falcinelli died on 11 June 2006, at age 86, in Pau, in the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department of France. From her marriage with Felix Ludwig Otto, a producer from Norddeutscher Rundfunk in Hamburg, Germany, she had a daughter, Sylviane (born 1956), a musicologist.
Dinesh Dayal is the current Executive Director and Chief Operating Officer at L'Oréal India.[1]
Dayal joined the L’Oréal Group in 1984 in France where he began his career as a Management Trainee and held numerous roles in finance, marketing and operations. Subsequently, he was put in charge of expanding the L’Oréal business in South Asia. In 1990, he came to India as Marketing Director to set up the India business for L’Oréal in association with an Indian partner.
In 1994, he played a key role in establishing L’Oréal India as a 100% subsidiary of the L’Oréal Group and in 2000 he was appointed as Chief Operating Officer. He was also Director of L’Oréal’s Luxury Products Division during its start up phase. He has launched brands such as Lancôme, Kiehl’s, Giorgio Armani, Ralph Lauren and Diesel in India. He is also a member of the Company’s Board of Directors in India. He has had a stint as GM – Finance and Operations of L’Oréal’s Thailand operations.[2]
Dayal is a Physics graduate from St. Stephen's College (New Delhi) and has an MBA degree from INSEAD, France.[3] An avid Scuba Diver; he is married and has two children.The Meyuchas (Meyuhas, Meyouhas)  are a Jerusalem Sephardi family that has produced notable rabbis and merchants for hundreds of years.  They trace their ancestry to Spain before the Alhambra Decree.[1]
Modern settlement on the site of the City of David began in 1873-74 when the Meyuchas family moved a short distance outside the city walls to a newly built house on the ridge.[2]
Raphael Meyuchas ben Samuel (1695?-1771) was born in Jerusalem and was the brother of Abraham ben Samuel Meyuchas and the father of Moses Joseph Mordechai Meyuchas. Served as Rishon l'Zion from 1756 until his death in 1771. He is known to have attempted to bring about some kind of reconciliation with the Karaites and to have admitted Karaite children to the Jewish school.  He was the author of ‘Minchat Bikkurim (Salonika, 1752) a commentary on the Talmud, and of  Peri ha-Adamah,  (four parts, Salonika 1752-57),  a commentary on the Mishneh Torah of Maimonides.[3][4]
Abraham ben Samuel Meyuchas (died 1767) - Born in Jerusalem. Authored a commentary on the Torah, Sedeh ha-Eretz (three parts, Salonika, 1784,1789, Livorno 1788) of Diglo Ahavah, a commentary on the Derech Etz ha-Chaim of Isaac Luria.[3]
Moshe Yosef Mordechai Meyuchas (Moses Joseph Mordechai Meyuchas) (1738-1805) - born in Jerusalem.  Served as Rishon l’Zion from 1802-1805. He is the author of Sha’ar ha-Mayim (Salonika, 1768), Berachot Mayim (Salonika, 1789), and Mayin Shaal (Salonika 1799).[3][5]
Microstoma
Nansenia
Xenophthalmichthys
The Microstomatidae (pencil smelts) are a family of marine smelts native to the Atlantic, Indian, and Pacific Oceans. Their bodies are small and slender, with large eyes and a small mouth. The dorsal fin is located behind the midpoint of their body, with pectoral fins on sides of their body, and the lateral line extends over the caudal fin. These fins lack spines. They are inhabitants of the mesopelagic to bathypelagic zone, where they feed on zooplankton.

This Argentiniformes-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2000 term of the Supreme Court of the United States began October 2, 2000, and concluded September 30, 2001. The table illustrates which opinion was filed by each justice in each case and which justices joined each opinion.[1]
This was the fifteenth term of Chief Justice Rehnquist's tenure, and the seventh consecutive term in which the Court's membership had not changed.


Tang Yuqin (born 12 May 1963) is a Chinese cross-country skier. She competed at the 1984 Winter Olympics and the 1988 Winter Olympics.[1]

This biographical article relating to Chinese cross-country skiing is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Munshi Abdur Rouf BS (Bengali: মুন্সী আবদুর রউফ; 8 May 1943 – 8 April 1971) was a Lance Nayek in the 11th Wing (At present 11 BGB situated in Naikhongchari, Bandarban) of East Pakistan Rifles during the Bangladesh Liberation War.[1] He enlisted in the East Pakistan Rifles on 8 May 1963, and was attached with a regular infantry unit during the War of Liberation. Rouf died on 8 April 1971 at Burighat in Chittagong Hill Tracts after causing extensive damage to the Pakistani Army with his machine gun and forcing them to retreat. He was buried at Naniarchor Upazila in Rangamati District.[2]
He was awarded Bir Sreshtho, which is the highest recognition of bravery in Bangladesh.[3]
Systematic events
§ indicates events in the internal resistance movement linked to the Indo-Pakistani War.‡ indicates events in the Indo-Pakistani War linked to the internal resistance movement in Bangladesh.
Munshi Abdur Rouf was born on 8 May 1943 at Salamatpur village (renamed Rouf Nagar)[4] under Boalmari thana (currently Madhukhali thana) in Faridpur District.[5] His father, Munshi Mehedi Hossain, was an "Imam" at a local mosque, and his mother was Mukidunnesa. He had two sisters, their names were Zahura and Hazera.[6] After his father's death in 1955, Rouf had to stop his education at the eighth grade. He joined the East Pakistan Rifles on 8 May 1963. He had to increase his age three years to get the job. After the preliminary training at the EPR camp at Chuadanga, Rouf went to West Pakistan to receive advanced training. He was appointed to Comilla after 6 months. On 25 March 1971, he was in 11 Wing of EPR (at present 11 BGB situated in Naikhongchari, Bandarban) Chittagong.[citation needed]
The East Bengal Regiment wanted to restrict the Pakistani Army from using the Rangamati-Mahalchari waterway. Thus, they camped at both of the Chengi Lakes at Burighat.[7] Rouf was serving as a soldier in this company. To prevent the Pakistani Army from using the Rangamati-Mahalchari waterway, the Regiment[8] constructed a camp on both sides.
On 8 April 1971, the Pakistani Army attacked the Mukti Bahini's defensive position with 7 speed boats and 2 launches.[9] Their mission was to drive the Mukti Bahini away from the waterways of Rangamati and Mohalchari. Pakistani forces managed to disorient Mukti Bahini by coming closer to them and firing heavily. In the meantime, Pakistanis surrounded the freedom fighters and managed to isolate nearly 100 of them. Rouf realised the threat to the entire company. So, he crawled forward to his trench and continuously fired towards the enemies with his automatic machine gun, managing to sink all 7 speedboats. As a result, the Pakistani launches retreated to a safer position and resumed firing from there. A mortar hit Rouf directly, and he was immediately killed. Rouf's valiant effort helped his company to survive, as his act saved nearly 150 soldiers of the Mukti Bahini on that day.[citation needed]
Bangladesh Rifles College was renamed Bir Shrestha Munshi Abdur Rouf Public College in Pilkhana in 2014.[10][11] A monument for Rouf was built by Engineering Construction Battalion (ECB-16) at Shalbagan, midpoint of the Chittagong-Rangamati road, Sapchhari.[12] A high school in Manikchari Muslim Para, Mahalchhari, Khagrachari has been named after him.[13] A cricket stadium has been named in Sylhet after him.[14]
A college in Faridpur was named after him, which was nationalised by the government.[4]
The 828th Bombardment Squadron was a squadron of the United States Army Air Forces.  It was active during World War II in the Mediterranean Theater of Operations as a Consolidated B-24 Liberator unit, where it earned a Distinguished Unit Citation.  Following V-E Day, the squadron returned to the United States and began training with the Boeing B-29 Superfortress at Smoky Hill Army Air Field, Kansas, before inactivating in August 1946 and transferring its personnel to another unit that was activated in its place.
The squadron was activated at Fairmont Army Air Field, Nebraska as one of the four that made up the 485th Bombardment Group.  It trained with Consolidated B-24 Liberators until March 1944, when it deployed to the Mediterranean Theater of Operations.  The squadron's ground echelon arrived at its base at Venosa Airfield, Italy in April, but when the air echelon arrived in theater, it remained in Tunisia for additional training.[2][3]
The squadron entered combat in May 1944, and primarily flew long range strategic bombing missions against targets in Italy, France, Germany, Austria, Hungary, Romania, and Yugoslavia, bombing marshalling yards, oil refineries, airfields, heavy industry, and other strategic objectives.  The squadron was awarded a Distinguished Unit Citation for continuing an attack on an oil refinery near Vienna, Austria on 26 June 1944 despite heavy fighter opposition.[3]
The 828th was occasionally diverted from the strategic campaign to carry out some support and interdiction operations.  It struck bridges, harbors, and troop concentrations in August 1944 to aid with Operation Dragoon, the invasion of Southern France. It also hit communications lines and other targets during March and April 1945 to support the advance of the British Eighth Army in northern Italy.[3]
The unit departed Italy in May 1945.  In late July, it reassembled at Sioux City Army Air Base, Iowa and was redesignated as a very heavy unit the following month.  In September, it moved to Smoky Hill Army Air Field, Kansas and began training with Boeing B-29 Superfortresses.  When Strategic Air Command was formed in March 1946, the squadron became one of its first operational squadrons.  In August 1946, the squadron was inactivated and its mission, personnel and B-29s were transferred to the 341st Bombardment Squadron, which was simultaneously activated at Smoky Hill.[2][4]
This article incorporates public domain material from the Air Force Historical Research AgencyBalchik Ridge (Balchishki Rid \bal-'chish-ki 'rid\) is a 1.3 km long narrow ridge in Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands, Antarctica with a highest point of 550m.  The ridge adjoins the col linking Silistra Knoll and Peshev Ridge and surmounts Boyana Glacier to the southwest, south and east.  The ridge was named after the Bulgarian town of Balchik.
The midpoint of the ridge is at 62°41′53″S 60°05′45″W﻿ / ﻿62.69806°S 60.09583°W﻿ / -62.69806; -60.09583 which is 870m south-southeast of Silistra Knoll, 1.51 km east of Peshev Peak, 2 km north-northeast of Vazov Point, 2.53 km west-northwest of Aytos Point and 1.7 km west of Christoff Cliff.  The ridge was mapped by Bulgaria in 2005.
This article includes information from the Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria which is used with permission.CSU Alba Iulia is a Romanian sports club from Alba Iulia, founded in 2009.[1]
Liga IV – Alba County
Liga V – Alba County
Liga Națională
Central Europe Women's League
This article about sports in Romania is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about an organization based in Romania is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Vicente L. Rafael is a professor of Southeast Asian history at the University of Washington, Seattle. He received his B.A. in history and philosophy from Ateneo de Manila University in 1977 and his Ph.D. in history at Cornell University in 1984. Prior to teaching at the University of Washington, Rafael taught at the University of California, San Diego and the University of Hawaii at Manoa. Currently, he sits on advisory boards of Cultural Anthropology, Public Culture, and positions.
Rafael has researched and taught on Southeast Asia, particularly the Philippines, comparative colonialism, particularly of Spain and the United States, and comparative nationalism. Though a historian, he has also focused on the related fields of cultural anthropology and literary studies and pursued topics ranging from language and power, translation and religious conversion, technology and humanity, and the politics and poetics of representation.
In 1993, Duke University Press published Contracting Colonialism: Translation and Christian Conversion in Tagalog Society Under Early Spanish Rule, in which Rafael examined the role of language and translation in the religious conversion of Tagalogs to Catholicism during the early period of Spanish rule of the Philippines. In 1995, Temple University Press published a collection he edited entitled Discrepant Histories: Translocal Essays on Filipino Cultures that studied a number of issues in the formation of the Philippine nation-state and translocal Filipino cultures.[1] In 1999, Cornell University Press published Figures of Criminality in Indonesia, the Philippines, and Colonial Vietnam, a collection of essays on the relationships between criminality and colonial state formation.[2] In 2000, Duke University Press published his White Love and Other Events in Filipino History, a challenging of traditional, epic narratives of Filipino history and especially the emergence of revolutionary nationalism.[3] The Promise of the Foreign: Nationalism and the Technics of Translation in the Spanish Philippines, also published by Duke University Press, appeared in 2005 and is the second volume of Contracting Colonialism. Its main argument is that translation was crucial to the emergence of Filipino nationalism, a mechanism from which was issued the promise of nationhood.[4] This book was followed by "Motherless Tongues: The Insurgency of Language Amid Wars of Translation", also published by Duke UP in 2016 which delved into topics ranging from the colonial introduction of English in the Philippines to the fate of interpreters in Iraq during wartime. Rafael also wrote the introduction to a volume of the works by Nick Joaquin, "The Woman Who Had Two Navels and Tales of the Tropical Gothic" which came out in 2017 from Penguin Classics. Most recently in 2022, he published "The Sovereign Trickster: Death and Laughter in the Age of Duterte" which offers what he calls a "prismatic history" of the social conditions and historical contexts for understanding the regime of Rodrigo Duterte, also published by Duke UP.Al-Ḥadīd (English: Iron; Arabic: الحديد) is the 57th chapter (sūrah) of the Quran with 29 verses.[2] The chapter takes its name from that word which appears in the 25th verse.[3] This is an Al-Musabbihat surah because it begins with the glorification of Allah.
Regarding the timing and contextual background of the revelation, it is a Medinan chapter, which means it is believed to have been revealed in Medina rather than Mecca.
In his tafsir (exegesis), Ma’ariful-Qur’an, Muhammad Shafi Deobandi wrote: “It is recorded in Abu Dawud, Tirmidhi and Nasa’i that Sayyidna ‘Irbad Ibn Sariyah (may Allah be pleased with him) said that the Messenger of Allah (may peace be upon him) used to recite Al-Musabbihat before he went to sleep and said: ‘In them there is a verse that is more meritorious than a thousand verses’.
“The collective name of the series Al-Musabbihat refers to the following five Surahs: (1) Al-Hadid; (2) Al-Hashr; (3) As-Saff; (4) Al-Jumu’ah; and (5) At-Taghabun.
“Having cited this Hadith, Ibn Kathir says that the best verse referred to in Surah Al-Hadid is verse (3). (He is the First and the Last, and the Manifest and the Hidden, and He is All-knowing about everything . . . 57:3).
“Among the five Surahs, the first three namely Al-Hadid, Al-Hashr and As-Saff commence with the past perfect tense ‘sabbaha’ (purity has been proclaimed) whilst the last two, namely Al-Jumu’ah and At-Taghabun commence with the imperfect tense ‘yusabbihu’ (purity is proclaimed). This implies that the purity of Allah should be declared at all times, the past, the present and the future. [Mazhari]”[5]
In Kitab al-Kafi, Imam Musa al-Kadhim was asked for the interpretation of 57:11 Who is it that would loan Allah a goodly loan so He will multiply it for him and he will have a noble reward?, to which he replied "this was revealed about payment to the Imams. One dirham paid to the Imam is greater in weight than the mountain of Uhud and the reward is greater than two million dirhams paid for other charities." Another narration states it is the "good" towards the Imam during a government of mischief.[6]
Birakishore Das (23 November 1898 – 28 April 1973),[1][2] popularly known as "Jatiya Kabi Birakishore" (lit. National Poet, Birakishore) was a poet, social activist and politician from Odisha.[3] Best known for the editor of  " Mo Desha" a monthly magazine.[4]
Birakishore Das was born on 23 November 1898 in a Vaishnav Karan family at Punanga village of Cuttack district (now in Jagatsinghpur). He completed his matriculation at Victoria high School, Cuttack and later worked in the  co-operative department of Odisha. After five years of service, he joined Non-cooperation movement in 1921.[5][6]
He was very famous during the time of freedom struggle for his patriotic songs, directed against the British rule and inspired thousands numbers of peoples.[7] His first publication " Mohana Banshi" , a compilation of national songs, was prescribed by the British government.[8] He wrote poems to be recited in public meetings and in processions. for his poems against British empire he was imprisoned several times by British government. Among them " Bijuli Bati",  " Mohana Bansi",  " Sabuja",  "Sarathi", "Bidrohi Vina", "Bana Bheri", "Rana Dunduvi" and "Ari Ferinahin Yuddha Sarinahin" are some of his popular collection.[9][10]
In 1947 he edited and published a children's magazine " Mo Desha" (My Country) from Cuttack to inculcate love for the motherland among the children, which influenced and inspired a number of writers.[11][12]
He was married to Sarada Sundari Dei and they had 3 daughters and a son.[3]
In 1957 by election at Jagatsinghpur, he was elected as a legislator (1957-1961) and 1961 to till death (1973) worked as the secretary of Odisha Syllabus and text book committee. He was pioneer in publishing suitable text books and got awards from the Government of India.[13][14]
Aranga is a locality in Northland, New Zealand. State Highway 12 passes through it. Ōmāpere is 47 km northwest, and Dargaville is 42 km southeast. The Waipoua Forest is to the north.[1][2] Maunganui Bluff and the Tasman Sea are to the west, with the small settlement of Aranga Beach lying at the northern end of Ripiro Beach.[3]
Trounson Kauri Park is a 586 ha forest reserve a few kilometres south of Aranga.[4]
Aranga was a centre of the kauri gum industry from 1887[5] until the late 1940s, one of the last gum extraction areas in New Zealand.[6] A flax mill operated at Aranga from 1890 to 1900.[7]
The local Waikarā Marae is a traditional meeting ground for the Te Roroa.[8] It features the meeting house, Te Uaua.[9]
Aranga School is a coeducational full primary (years 1-8) school with a decile rating of 4[10] and a roll of 18[11] (November 2024). The school celebrated its centennial in 2005.[12]
35°44′23″S 173°36′49″E﻿ / ﻿35.73972°S 173.61361°E﻿ / -35.73972; 173.61361
Ptocheuusa minimella is a moth of the family Gelechiidae. It was described by Hans Rebel in 1936. It is found in Italy, Croatia and on Sardinia and Cyprus.[1][2]

This article on a moth of the subfamily Anomologinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Karpno [ˈkarpnɔ] (German: Karpen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostrowice, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) west of Ostrowice, 14 km (9 mi) north-east of Drawsko Pomorskie, and 90 km (56 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.
For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.
The village has a population of 10.

This Drawsko County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Coaster was a passenger train of the Southern Pacific on its coast route between Los Angeles and San Francisco, California. Service began on December 6, 1901, as daylight coach trains number 1 and 2 called the Coast Line Limited. These trains were renumbered 21 and 22 on November 15, 1902, and renamed the Coaster on February 28, 1906. Service was briefly cancelled from June 9 to December 22, 1912. Service was discontinued for a decade in December, 1916. Service resumed when sleeping cars were added to trains renumbered 69 and 70 in April, 1926, and briefly renamed the Oceanshore Express. The name Coaster was again used from September 25, 1927, until the older equipment was replaced with lightweight chair cars running as Starlight trains 94 and 95 on October 2, 1949. Diesel locomotives pulled the Starlight from January 10, 1955, until it was consolidated with the Lark on July 15, 1957.[1]Forécariah (N’ko: ߝߏߙߋߞߊߙߌߦߊ߫) is a sub-prefecture and town located in western Guinea. It is the capital of Forécariah Prefecture.
As of 2008, the population was estimated to be around 21,710. [1]
It was the birthplace of Henri Duparc, the film director.
Forecariah is a possible station on a heavy duty railway between Kalia mine and Matakong port for the export of iron ore.[2] One of the mines is at Kalia.[3]
Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed, head of United Nations Mission for Ebola Emergency Response (UMEER) visited Forécariah in March 2015, concerned about the continuing large number of cases of Ebola. He called for closer collaboration between health services in Guinea and neighbouring Sierra Leone.[4] This was in the context of three quarters of all Ebola cases worldwide being in the combined areas of Forécariah Prefecture and neighbouring Kambia District in Sierra Leone.[5]
09°26′00″N 13°05′00″W﻿ / ﻿9.43333°N 13.08333°W﻿ / 9.43333; -13.08333

This Guinea location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.John Pendleton Kennedy (May 17, 1871 - February 23, 1944)[2] was the first State Librarian for the Commonwealth of Virginia. He also served as the first President of the Virginia Library Association, which was organized in the first State Library building in Capitol Square on December 6, 1905.[3]
Kennedy graduated from the German Lutheran school in Wheeling, West Virginia in 1888. After graduation, he spent five years in the Corps of Engineers and in 1895 he went to work as a civil engineer in Wheeling, West Virginia. From 1898 to 1903 he was employed at the Library of Congress. In 1903, he was called to Richmond, Virginia to lead the State Library of Virginia. At the State Library, he introduced the concept of a "traveling library" and established a Department for history and archives. Kennedy was responsible for publishing a number of volumes of historical manuscripts that illuminate the history of the Commonwealth.[4]

This Virginia biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a person involved with library and information science is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Kenwick Link is a major road in Perth, Western Australia that bypasses Albany Highway in Beckenham and Kenwick. It is part of State Route 30, while the bypassed section of Albany Highway is allocated Alternate State Route 30.[2] The road also provides access to Roe Highway, which does not connect to Albany Highway.[3] It is a controlled-access road for its entire length,[1] with a grade-separated interchange at Roe Highway, and at-grade intersections elsewhere, including traffic lights at Royal Street and both Albany Highway junctions.[3] Main Roads Western Australia maintains and controls all of Kenwick Link, and uses the internal designation Highway H22 Wimbledon–Rupert Street Link.[4]
Kenwick Link was planned as part of the Roe Highway extension towards Fremantle.[5] It was initially built as a single carriageway,[6] and upgraded to a dual carriageway later.[3] It opened on 17 April 1998, ahead of the Roe Highway extensions from Welshpool Road to Kenwick Link (opened 30 November 2002) and from Kenwick Link to Nicholson Road (opened 21 January 2003).[7] Rupert Street was renamed Kenwick Link as part of the project,[8] although a parallel service road in Kenwick is named Rupert Street.[1][3]
Building the link required demolition of Packer House, a recognised heritage site that was located at 25 Rupert Street, Kenwick.[9] During construction, an artefact of significance to Aboriginal heritage was uncovered: a maparn stone, used by men in a rain-bringing ceremony. The stone is now in the possession of the Dumbartung Aboriginal Corporation at Clontarf Aboriginal College.[10]
All intersections listed below are controlled by traffic lights.

This Western Australian road or road transport-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Of Mist and Melting is the second album by American guitarist and composer Bill Connors recorded in December 1977 and released on ECM the following year. The quartet features saxophinist Jan Garbarek and rhythm section Gary Peacock and Jack DeJohnette.[1]
The AllMusic review by Paul Kohler awarded the album 3 stars calling it "an atmospheric jazz album".[2]
All tracks are written by Bill ConnorsEvelyn Mantilla (born February 16, 1963) is an American politician from Connecticut who served from 1997 to 2007 as a member of the Connecticut House of Representatives. Mantilla was born in Caguas, Puerto Rico, and moved to Hartford, Connecticut, in 1978. She has a A.S. degree in computer science from Manchester Community College (Connecticut) and  bachelor's degree in management, magna cum laude, from the University of Saint Joseph (Connecticut). She was first elected to represent the predominantly Latino 4th district in a special election held in February 1997, and she served for a time as Deputy Majority Leader. She came out as America's first openly bisexual state official in 1997.[1][2]
Mantilla's first run for office was in 1993, when she campaigned for the Hartford City Council. She lost this election by 16 votes.[3] In 1996, Mantilla took the position of legislative liaison for the Connecticut Permanent Commission on the Status of Women.[3] Then, in September 1996, Mantilla began her second political campaign, running against the incumbent Eddie Garcia to be a state representative for Connecticut's district 4. She and her campaign staff, composing of 100 volunteers, faced death threats, threats of physical harm, and attempted arson to their headquarters.[4] After a tumultuous campaign, Mantilla lost the 1996 election to Garcia. However, Garcia was later convicted of voter fraud, and Mantilla petitioned for a new election, which she won.
In February 1997, Mantilla was elected as a state representative for district 4 in the House of Representatives of the Connecticut General Assembly. She came out as the first bisexual U.S. state representative in June 1997 during an LGBT pride event in Hartford, Connecticut.[5] Addressing the crowd, she declared, "I am a bisexual woman in love with a woman," and proposed to her partner, Babette.[4]
Mantilla ran for re-election successfully in 1998, 2000, 2002, and 2004. During the election in 1998, she faced an anti-gay oppositional campaign by Pentecostal minister Gabriel Carreras. He ran as an independent candidate to challenge Mantilla, claiming that she was "promoting the homosexual lifestyle in our schools." Mantilla won re-election with 88% of the vote.[4]
During her time as a legislator, Mantilla prioritized issues pertaining to lower socioeconomic areas. She also worked to push forward election reform as well as same-sex marriage legalization.[5]
She chose not to run for re-election in 2006, and her term expired in January 2007. She was succeeded by Democrat Kelvin Roldán.
Evelyn is now Executive Director of ITNCentralCT, a nonprofit organization that helps seniors and people who have a visual disability remain independent by providing volunteer drivers. She also continues to run Mantilla Leadership Solutions, a private public affairs and political services firm.
Mantilla has held leadership positions with the National Council for Community and Justice and the Hartford Sexual Assault Crisis Service. She has received awards from the Connecticut Institute for Community Development and the National Association of Social Workers, among others.
She worked as the communications manager for the city of Hartford from 2008 to 2012. She also worked as the principal of Mantilla Leadership Solutions, a political campaign consulting firm,[6] and currently works as the managing director for Grossman Solutions, a public affairs firm.[7]"Accommodation address" is a term used mostly in the United Kingdom to denote a location where mail can be delivered in the name of a person or business for retrieval.[citation needed]  The service is similar to poste restante and post office boxes, but is generally supplied by a private company, or even an individual.  The degree of service can range from full secretarial and telephone answering, to a simple mail drop.  Small businesses use accommodation addresses when they have no fixed place of business, and do not wish to use a post office box, a proper address giving an air of respectability.
Accommodation addresses are occasionally used to have goods delivered that have been paid for through credit card fraud.[1]
The EC Archives are an ongoing series of American hardcover collections of full-color comic book reprints of EC Comics, published by Russ Cochran and Gemstone Publishing from 2006 to 2008, and then continued by Cochran and Grant Geissman's GC imprint (2011–2012), and finally taken over by Dark Horse in 2013.
The output of Bill Gaines' EC Comics line in the 1940s and 1950s is one of the most critically acclaimed of the pre-Comics Code comics publishers (and one of the major casualties of the Comics Code). Such EC Comics titles as Tales from the Crypt, The Vault of Horror and Weird Science are known even to people unfamiliar with the source material, due to movie and television adaptations.
Numerous reprints throughout the decades have also kept EC alive on book store shelves, starting with Nostalgia Press's EC Horror Comics Of The 1950s tome (1971), followed by publisher Cochran's six EC Portfolios (1971–1977), but primarily because of his Complete EC Library, printing all of the 'New Trend' comic titles (although missing the unique stories from the three 3-D EC Classics issues), as well as all of the 'New Direction' and 'Picto-Fiction' titles, and some of the 'Pre-Trend' title issues, in a series of 18 b&w box sets (19 if you include the fact that the Mad set was done in both color and b&w editions) containing a total of 66 hardcover books, all shot directly from the original art, mostly published from 1979 to 1996, with the Picto-Fiction box being delayed until 2006. Between 1992 and 2000, Cochran and Gemstone Publishing also produced 295 different full-color individual issue reproductions of all the "New Trend' (except Mad) and 'New Direction' EC Comics, and subsequently 63 EC Annuals which glued together titled chronological overstock copies of those individual issues in a new outer wrapper, in a nod to the original unsold-stock content of the EC Annuals of the 50s, although back in the 1950s there was no specification as to what issues may have been contained inside the covers to those various Annuals, which could vary from copy to copy.
In 2006, Gemstone began producing a more durable series of hardback reprint collections designed by Michael Kronenberg. Similar to the DC Archives and Marvel Masterworks series, the EC Archives superseded Cochran's original annotated Complete EC Library (of black-and-white stories) by reprinting sequential compilations of EC titles in a full-color, hardback archival format with new annotations. On January 11, 2011, Cochran looked back on the project, noting the differences between his earlier Complete EC Library and the later EC Archives:
A few years ago, with the support and encouragement of Steve Geppi and with the permission of the Gaines Estate, I started on a new format: the EC Archives. These are slightly smaller hardcover books (smaller than the EC Library volumes but larger than the original ten-cent comic books), and because of increased demand and the availability of cheaper color printing in China, the EC Archives books were full color, with new color in an infinite palette now being possible with the advances in technology.[1]
Each book reprints six issues, for a total of 24 stories. The original coloring by EC's colorist Marie Severin was used as a guide for digital re-coloring by Jamison Services, a color separation company in West Plains, Missouri, the hometown of publisher Cochran. Allen Jamison and Jamison Services had previously done coloring for the DC Archives.[2] Also contributing to the project at Cochran's West Plains office were operations manager Angela Meyer and production artist Chris Rock.[3] Crediting Kronenberg as "Art Director/Designer and Color Editor" and Marie Severin for "Colors", Cochran explained the digital upgrade given to Severin's coloring; "Most of the original coloring of these stories is the work of EC colorist Marie Severin, and although all of these stories have been re-colored for this new edition, her style of coloring was followed to retain the integrity of the original EC comic books".[4] He later added:
Technology changes.  We are now able to color these comics with an infinite palette, and to reproduce the artists' linework much more clearly.  If these new computer generated color techniques had been available in the 1950s, I think Bill Gaines would have used it because it makes the EC work even more beautiful.  So the EC material has been printed three different ways:  with the old color, as originally published back in the 1950s, without any color, as it was drawn by the EC artists (the EC Library), and with the best color we can do with modern technology (the EC Archives). It has been my experience that the most dedicated EC fans are not satisfied to have them reprinted only one, or two, ways. They want them all. Those fans will have the old comics in the EC Annuals, the black and white art in the EC Library, and the best color we can produce in the EC Archives. There's room there for everyone.[5]
Along with the original EC advertisements, editorials and letters pages, the books also feature an introduction by Grant Geissman and forewords by John Carpenter, Joe Dante, Paul Levitz, George Lucas, Steven Spielberg, R. L. Stine, Jerry Weist and others. The entirety of the New Trend and New Direction comics are planned for eventual release.
The EC Archives publishing history has been a troubled one. The original run was interrupted after 13 volumes, due to financial difficulties at Gemstone Publishing, in 2008. The line was revived for two more volumes by GC Press LLC, a boutique imprint established by Russ Cochran and Grant Geissman, in 2011 (both volumes carry 2011 copyrights, the year of their printing, though due to the vagaries of distribution, they were not released until January 2012). Most recently, the line has been taken up by Dark Horse Comics, who announced plans to resume it with the release of Tales from the Crypt Volume 4 in October 2013.[6]
In the early 1950s, comic book publishers, seeking to save money on second-class postage permits, frequently changed the titles of their comics, rather than start new ones at #1 (a new publication required a new postal permit, while an existing publication that just changed its name could use its existing permit).[7] Because of this, many comics featured in The EC Archives series do not start with #1. War Against Crime was replaced by The Vault of Horror and so numbering for The Vault of Horror begins with issue #12. Similarly, Crime Patrol was replaced with The Crypt of Terror for issue #17. By issue #20, the title changed again to the familiar Tales from the Crypt. The Crypt of Terror is not considered a separate series and is included in Tales from the Crypt Volume 1.
The Haunt of Fear, Weird Science, and Weird Fantasy initially started with issues #15, #12, and #13, respectively. However, due to a request from the Post Office, their issue numbering was reset a few issues later. This reset began with The Haunt of Fear #4, Weird Science #5, and Weird Fantasy #6. As a result, there are several comics within those series that share the same issue number. For instance, The Haunt of Fear #15 was first published in 1950 as the inaugural issue of the series, while a second comic, also titled The Haunt of Fear #15, was published in 1952 and marked the 15th issue in the series according to the reset numbering.
Following The Haunt of Fear's issue numbering being reset, its previous numbering was instead used for a new title, Two-Fisted Tales. Thus, Two-Fisted Tales begins with issue #18.
The table below uses the original numbering.
These four limited editions each came packaged inside a custom clamshell box. with a pair of white gloves for handling of the expensive volumes.
Gretel & Hansel (also known as Gretel & Hansel: A Grim Fairy Tale) is a 2020 dark fantasy horror film directed by Osgood Perkins and written by Rob Hayes, based on the German fairy tale "Hansel and Gretel" by the Brothers Grimm. Sophia Lillis and Sam Leakey portray the titular characters, with Alice Krige and Jessica De Gouw also starring. The film follows the siblings Gretel and Hansel as they become lost in the forest and then stumble upon the home of a witch.
Gretel & Hansel was released in the United States on 31 January 2020, by United Artists Releasing. The film grossed $22.3 million worldwide against a $5 million production budget and received generally positive reviews from critics, with praise for its visuals and cinematography as well as the horror elements and acting, but criticism for its pacing and screenplay.
The prologue opens with a story about "A Beautiful Child with a Pretty Pink Hat". A father takes his mortally ill baby daughter to be cured by a witch, who performs healing spells, bestowing supernatural abilities on the child in the process. As the girl grows up, the villagers come to hear her premonitions, but her wicked nature is soon revealed when she begins murdering innocent people, including her own father. The girl is then abandoned in the woods, where she lures children to their death.
The scene shifts to teenage Gretel (who is implied also to possess supernatural abilities and powers) and her younger brother, Hansel. As their father dies, their mother sends them out to find work. Gretel is offered a housekeeping job but turns it down when the master of the house asks about her virginity. Their mother rebukes Gretel for failing to provide for them and threatens to kill both children if they do not leave the house.
The siblings flee and find temporary accommodation for the night, but a ghoulish man appears and attacks Hansel. A huntsman saves the children and takes them to his home for the night, before sending them off to find work the next morning. They get lost in the woods and, suffering from hunger, are attracted by the scent of baked cake to a hut in the forest, in which a woman named Holda lives. She invites the children in for a meal and allows them to stay, in exchange for performing work around the house. Hansel is sent into the woods to practice woodcutting with an axe, while Gretel assists with housekeeping. Hansel is happy with their new home, but Gretel is suspicious of Holda and troubled by disturbing visions and nightmares. Sensing Gretel's abilities, Holda initiates her into witchcraft and teaches her to levitate her wooden staff with the aid of flying ointment.
Hansel soon becomes wary of Holda after discovering a satanic pentagram carved into a tree. The siblings have an argument that night, and Hansel leaves the hut and is then lured into a trap by Holda. Gretel confronts the witch, who insists she is doing Gretel a favour by getting rid of Hansel. It is then revealed that Holda was the mother of the wicked girl from the prologue story; Holda loathed her daughter for killing her husband. After exiling her daughter into the woods, Holda was haunted by the girl's spirit into eating her other children to gain the same powers. Holda has been luring the children lost in the forest to their death in the guise of an elderly woman ever since.
Holda drugs Gretel and straps her down in the cellar, where she plans for Hansel to be eaten. Now in the form of a young woman, Holda lures Hansel into a cage atop a large fire pit so she can cook him. Gretel manages to free herself and uses flying ointment on her hands and face to levitate a wooden staff and pin Holda against the wall, where she slowly burns to death over the fire, which brings Hansel to from his drugged state.
The next morning, Gretel assures her brother that Holda is gone for good and sends him back home (their mother is implied to have died in the meantime and Hansel should be able to start working at home as a woodsman). Gretel stays behind to hone her craft. She sees the ghosts of the children murdered by Holda, now finally free to pass on.
In the closing moments, her fingertips begin to turn black, just as Holda's had been.
In October 2018, the Hollywood Reporter wrote that Orion Pictures had started developing a film adaptation of the German folklore tale Hansel and Gretel, with Oz Perkins directing a screenplay he had co-written with Rob Hayes, and Sophia Lillis starring as the lead character.[7] Sinister producer Brian Kavanaugh-Jones and The Autopsy of Jane Doe producer Fred Berger, partners at Automatik Entertainment, were announced as producers, with Sandra Yee Ling and Macdara Kelleher as executive producers.[5] Hayes eventually received sole screenplay credit.
In November 2018, Charles Babalola was cast as the Hunter, a new character who helps Gretel and Hansel navigate the woods.[6] In April 2019, Alice Krige, Jessica De Gouw, and Sam Leakey joined the cast, with Leakey making his acting debut.[5]
Perkins explained in an interview that the title was changed because this version focuses on Gretel:
"It's awfully faithful to the original story. It's got really only three principal characters: Hansel, Gretel, and the Witch. We tried to find a way to make it more of a coming of age story. I wanted Gretel to be somewhat older than Hansel, so it didn't feel like two 12-year-olds – rather a 16-year-old and an 8-year-old. There was more of a feeling like Gretel having to take Hansel around everywhere she goes, and how that can impede one's own evolution, how our attachments and the things that we love can sometimes get in the way of our growth."[8]
Principal photography on the film began on 9 November 2018 in Dublin, Ireland, and wrapped up in December 2018.[9] Additional filming and reshoots started in January 2019 in Langley, British Columbia, Canada.
The score was composed by Robin Coudert, also known by his stage name, Rob. With the soundtrack in mind, Rob avoided using typical symphonic orchestral themes to create a unique film score saying, “I find it essential to create melodies that we can sing or whistle as, in horror cinema, it is usually the opposite, where the music rather has a tendency toward structure and abstraction. For this project, which is a film about kids, it seemed important to have that.” The soundtrack was released by Waxwork Records in 2020 as a single LP.[10]
The film was released on 31 January 2020 by United Artists.[5]
Warner Bros. Home Entertainment released the film digitally on 7 April 2020, and on DVD and Blu-ray on 5 May 2020.[11]
In the United States and Canada, the film was released alongside The Rhythm Section, and was projected to gross $4–7 million from 3,000 theaters in its opening weekend.[12][1] The film made $2.3 million on its first day (including $475,000 from Thursday night previews). It debuted to $6.1 million, finishing fourth.[13]
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 63% based on 112 reviews, with an average rating of 6.2/10. The site's critical consensus reads: "Gretel & Hansel's rich visuals satisfy, even if this adaptation of a classic fairytale gets a little lost in the woods on the storytelling front."[14] On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 64 out of 100, based on 17 critics, indicating "generally favorable reviews".[15] Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "C−" on an A+ to F scale.[13]
Contrarily, Andrew Barker of Variety wrote, "The film certainly looks nice, with a wealth of eye-catching compositions," but added, "The problem is that so many of its virtues feel compromised."  Kimber Myers wrote for The Los Angeles Times, "While [Perkins] offers a stunning feast for the eyes, the substance is likely to leave viewers still hungry."[16]
Chandler Levack from The Globe and Mail wrote, "Everything about Gretel & Hansel is weirder, smarter and way more cinematic than I'd expected, thanks to some fascinating movie choices made by director Oz Perkins." Kate Rife from The A.V. Club wrote, "If one of the boundaries being tested in this film is viewers' patience, the reward for—to use a refrain repeated throughout the film—'trusting the darkness' is well worth the commitment." Frank Sheck of The Hollywood Reporter wrote, "Gretel & Hansel may alienate some horror movie fans with its extremely leisurely pacing and emphasis on atmosphere and mood rather than visceral shocks. But while the film certainly demands patience, it provides ample rewards with its lush stylization."
Mark Kennedy of the Associated Press wrote, "Gretel & Hansel is as visually arresting as it is tedious, a 90-minute movie that really should have been a 3-minute music video for Marilyn Manson or Ozzy Osbourne. It's in the horror genre only loosely. It's more eerie, if that's a genre. Actually, it's like dread for 90 minutes. It's dreadful."  Jeannette Catsoulis of The New York Times labeled the film "Essentially the story of a young woman coming into her power, Gretel & Hansel is quietly sinister, yet too underdeveloped to truly scare."[17]Gas 5 was Gasolin's fifth album in five years and was released in October 1975. From the humble beginnings of their debut album they had developed into a confident arena rock band with this release. In hindsight, Gas 5 may be considered to be their definitive album.
Roy Thomas Baker provided a big powerful "Led Zeppelin rock sound", while Wolfgang Käfer provided the strings to the epic rock songs: "Rabalderstræde", "Fatherless Hill" and "Sct. Emitri". Wili Jönsson played the harpsichord on the latter song. The power pop of "Kvinde min" and the reflective ballad of "Masser af success" show a gentle side too.
Gas 5 was the first Gasolin album to include songs with English lyrics (if you do not include the albums that Gasolin released only for the international market). From this album "Rabalderstræde" / "Kvinde min" and "Refrain er frit" / "Good Time Charlie" were released as singles.
Gas 5 was recorded at Rosenberg Studio in Copenhagen with Freddy Hansson as sound engineer. For the first time in Denmark an album was recorded with a 24-track mix board. That board was also used for the album cover. Gas 5 was released on CD in 1987 with Efter endnu en dag (1976), but due to lack of space "Good Time Charlie" was omitted. It was remastered for CD in 1991 and is also included on The Black Box box set (2003).
Gas 5 was released with English lyrics as What a Lemon in England and as Gasolin'  in USA. It was also released in Spain in Danish with "Rabalderstræde" / "Sjagge" as single.
Note: Mogens Mogensen and Skip Malone co-wrote lyrics with Gasolin'
with"Två av oss" is a song written by Efva Attling, which was recorded by X-models and released as a single in 1981.[1] It was a Svensktoppen hit for ten weeks between 29 November 1981 – 7 March 1982,[2] peaking at number four.[3]
The X-models' single is one of the titles in the 2009 book Tusen svenska klassiker.[4]Ashley Weinhold and Caitlin Whoriskey were the defending champions and successfully defended their title, defeating Jamie Loeb and Chanel Simmonds in the final, 6–4, 6–4.
Aleem Dar and Daryl Harper are among the 16 officials who will share umpiring duties during the ICC World Twenty20.
The ICC had announced the umpires and match referee appointments for the group stages of the World Twenty20.
Umpiring duties was shared by all 12 members of the elite panel - Mark Benson, Billy Bowden, Aleem Dar, Steve Davis, Asoka de Silva, Billy Doctrove, Ian Gould, Daryl Harper, Tony Hill, Rudi Koertzen, Asad Rauf and Simon Taufel - along with Nigel Llong, Marais Erasmus, Amish Saheba and Rod Tucker.
The match referees’ responsibilities throughout the tournament was shared between Ranjan Madugalle, Chris Broad and Alan Hurst.
Appointments was also made for the men's and women's warm-up matches at Lord's, The Oval and Trent Bridge from June 1–3.

This article related to an International cricket competition is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2011 Ashbourne Cup inter-collegiate camogie championship was staged at the NUIG sports complex in Dangan, Galway over the weekend of February 19–20 with the finals in Pearse Stadium, Salthill. It was won by Waterford Institute of Technology who defeated University College Cork in the final by eight points,[1] a repeat of the pairing and result, though not the margin of victory, of the 1999 final and 2010 final. Player of the tournament was WIT's Katrina Parrock.
A dominant WIT team did all the hard work in the first half and raced into a 1–6 to 0–1 lead at the break. The first score of the game came from a long Katrina Parrock delivery which deceived UCC keeper, Susan Earner, to find its way to the UCC net. UCC had no answer to WITs phenomenal work rate and support play. The main difference between the two teams was WIT ability to take scores from play while all of UCC's scores came from placed balls. UCC were dealt a major blow when they lost key player Orla Cotter through injury ten minutes after the break. Two well taken goals from the stick of Fionnuala Carr brought UCC back to life but proved too little too late, and a late goal from Michelle Quilty ensured victory for WIT.
The competition is administered by the Higher Education Archived 31 May 2011 at the Wayback Machine committee of the Camogie Association of Ireland. For the second time the Ashbourne Cup, the highest division in collegiate camogie, was played alongside the Purcell Cup, the second division of collegiate competition, bringing 400 collegiate camogie players had been together at one event for the second time in camogie history.[2] Galway City Council held a reception for the 16 Ashbourne and Purcell Captains before the event.[3]
Waterford IT and UCC emerged as the favourites for the competition from an early stage. The two finalists had several inter-county and All Star players in action.
MATCH RULES
The 2011 Ashbourne All-Stars selected after the tournament were:[7]
Susan Earner (UCC & Galway); Collette Dormer (WIT & Kilkenny), Leann Fennelly (UCD & Kilkenny), Julie Brien (UCC & Galway); Ann Dalton (WIT & Kilkenny), Michaela Morkan (NUIG & Offaly), Patricia Jackman (WIT & Waterford); Katrina Parrock (WIT & Wexford), Chloe Morey (NUIG & Clare); Michaela Convery (Jordanstown & Antrim), Katie Power (WIT & Kilkenny), Lisa Bolger (UL & Offaly); Katriona Mackey (UCC & Cork), Denise Gaule (WIT) & Kilkenny), Michelle Quilty (WIT & Kilkenny);
The 2011 Purcell All-Stars selected after the competition were:[8]
Laura Quinn (QUB & Derry); Grainne Quinn (DIT & Dublin), Kate Lynch (Mary I Limerick & Clare), Laura Twomey (DCU & Dublin); Mairead Short (QUB & Armagh), Caitriona Foley (Trinity & Cork), Emma Brennan (DCU & Cork); Jane Dolan (DIT) & Meath), Keelan Bradley (QUB & Derry); Cathy Bowes (DIT & Galway), Colette McSorley (QUB & Armagh), Aoife Burke (DIT & Laois); Sinead Cassidy (QUB & Derry), Orlaith Murphy (IT Tralee & Cork), Hoarqy (DIT & Dublin);
The Ashbourne Shield, played off among the four beaten Ashbourne Cup quarter-finalists, was won by NUI Galway who defeated Cork IT 4–18 to 0–3 in the final. In the semi-finals Cork IT (3-18) defeated Athlone IT (3-3) and NUI Galway (1-7) defeated UUJ 0–9.
Queen's University won the Purcell Cup defeating DCU 2–10 to 0–7 in the final.[9] Keelin Bradley inspired the Ulster team to victory. In the semi-finals Queen's University (2-7) defeated IT Tralee (3-1) and DCU (2-6) defeated Mary I Limerick (0-4). The tie of the quarter-finals was the victory of Queen's University (4-12) over cup holders DIT (3-5) in the grounds of Dundalk IT.[10] IT Tralee (1-7) defeated IT Carlow 0–7, Mary I Limerick defeated Galway-Mayo Institute of Technology and DCU (5-14) defeated Dublin University (0-1) in the other quarter-finals.
DIT won the Purcell Shield defeating Trinity College, Dublin by 5–11 to 0–7 in the final. In the Purcell Shield semi-finals, played off among the four defeated Purcell Cup quarter-finalists, DIT (5-15) defeated IT Carlow (2-5) and Trinity (10-14) defeated GMIT (2-3).
In the Ashbourne/Purcell qualifiers NUI Galway (2-19) defeated DIT (2-6) at Dangan, Galway. Athlone IT (2-11) defeated IT Tralee (0-3) at Ahane, County Limerick.
UCC (3-10) beat UU Jordanstown (0-1) at Éire Óg, Caragh, Co Kildare to win the third level league final.
Colleges who do not compete in the Ashbourne and Purcell Cups participate in a one-day seven-a-side competition for a cup named after Fr Gearóid Ó Meachair (Gerry Meagher, d1982), from Cappawhite, Co Tipperary, founder and popular trainer of the NUI Maynooth camogie team. It was inaugurated in 1986. Cavan Institute, Coláiste Froebel, Crumlin College of Further Ed, Dundalk IT, Letterkenny IT, Limerick IT, Marino, NUI Maynooth, St Mary's, St Pats, Sligo IT and University of Ulster Coleraine, all competed in the 2011 competition, which was won by NUI Maynooth.Carryover Credits (Kyoto carryover credits) are a carbon accounting measure by which nations count historical emission reductions that exceeded previous international goals towards its current targets.[1] In essence, carryover credits represent the volume of emissions a country could have released, but did not.[2][3] When used in reference to the Paris Agreement, it refers to a scheme under which unspent "Clean Development Mechanism credits" (CDM credits) introduced by the Kyoto Protocol will be "carried over" to the new markets established by the agreement.[4][5][6] As part of the Paris Agreement, CDM credits will be replaced by an international emissions trading market, where by countries can sell their excess emissions credits to other countries.[7][8] While most countries do not count their credits, several countries led by Australia, including Brazil, India, and Ukraine are attempting to allow their credits to be carried over.[1][4] The proposal has been criticized, with scientists estimating that if countries were to make full use of their excess credits global temperatures could rise by an extra 0.1 °C.[9] In addition countries could use their excess credits to flood the market and greatly reduce the price of credits.[9]This is a list of electoral results for the electoral district of Gunbower in Victorian state elections.Armenia–Romania relations refer to the bilateral relations between Armenia and Romania. Both countries established diplomatic relations on 17 December 1991. Armenia has an embassy in Bucharest and Romania has an embassy in Yerevan. Both countries are members of the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation, the European Political Community, and the Council of Europe.
There are around 3,000 people of Armenian descent living in Romania. Modern relationships between Armenia and Romania are rooted in part in the modern history of the Armenian people. After the Armenian genocide of 1915, Romania was the first state to officially provide shelter and refugee camps to refugees from the area. In October 2007, the President of Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan, received a delegation headed by the Romanian Minister of National Defense, Teodor Meleșcanu, and noted that the Armenian-Romanian friendship was deeply rooted in history. He also noted that it was not by accident that Romania was the first country to formally recognize the independence of Armenia from the USSR.[1]
Regarding Romania, in 2006, the President Traian Băsescu was asked if Romania would follow France and other Western states in recognizing the genocide. He then declared "we will not do anything affecting our neutrality in our relations with all the countries of the Black Sea region" and said Romania did not want to risk worsening relations with Turkey. Băsescu said Armenia was complicating Turkey's integration into the European Union by continuously raising the issue in the international community.[2] However, over the next several years, pressure for Romania to recognize the event grew. In 2016, Cătălin Avramescu, advisor to the then ex-president Băsescu, said "Romania has special duty to recognize Armenian Genocide";[3] while the Romanian-Armenian politician Varujan Vosganian, who is president of the Union of Armenians of Romania, called on the Romanian Parliament in 2019 to do the same.[4] In one poll, it was found that 72% of the Romanians surveyed were aware of the Armenian genocide.[5]


This Armenia-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Romania-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about bilateral relations is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
London Calling! was a musical revue, produced by André Charlot with music and lyrics by Noël Coward, which opened at the Duke of York's Theatre, London on 4 September 1923. It was Noël Coward's first publicly produced musical work. The song "Parisian Pierrot", sung by Gertrude Lawrence, was his first big hit and became one of his signature tunes.
The basis of London Calling! began at the Swiss resort of Davos in Christmas 1922, when Coward joined his close friend and benefactor Lord Lathom. In the words of Coward's biographer Cole Lesley:
After Charlot arrived Coward worked from the early mornings and presented his work to Lathom and Charlot in the afternoon. He recalled in his memoirs that "a series of cigar-laden conferences" decided the whole plan of the show, and provisionally cast Coward, Gertrude Lawrence and Maisie Gay in the star roles.[2] Coward, realising the magnitude of his task, agreed that Charlot could call in another writer if necessary. Ronald Jeans was later brought in to co-write the book and Philip Braham, the musical director of the show, contributed to the musical numbers.[3]
In London, plans advanced for staging the revue, but were disrupted when Coward realised that Charlot intended to pay him considerably less than his co-stars. He declined to appear on those terms; Charlot could not replace him because Coward had a contractual right of veto in casting and turned down all other suggestions for the leading man. Charlot gave way, and paid him a weekly wage of £40 (equivalent to £2,882 in 2023) like his co-stars.[4] Coward was out of practice as a dancer and obtained the help of Fred Astaire, who was appearing at the Shaftesbury Theatre in the West End with his sister Adele. Astaire coached him privately "with unending patience and not too frightful results".[5] Astaire subsequently choreographed two numbers for the show – a duet for Lawrence and Coward –"You Were Meant for Me" (words and music by Noble Sissle and Eubie Blake) and a solo dance for Coward in "Sentiment" (words by Coward, music by Braham).[6]
The revue sketches made light of London society at the time, with one sketch called "The Swiss Family Whittlebot" poking fun at the Sitwells, known for their avant-garde poetry and ideas.[7][n 1] Charlot secured an exclusive licence for use of Laurens Hammond's patented 3-D "Shadowgraph" process which was employed later in the run.[9] The Times reported, "By means of this, the members of the audience, if they wear the specially coloured glasses provided for them, gain the impression that those on the stage are very much nearer than they actually are".[10]
"London calling" was the call sign of 2LO radio – forerunner of the BBC – inaugurated in May 1922.[11] Charlot was a strong opponent of broadcasting, which he saw as a rival, and The Evening Standard called him "cold and calculating" for giving his new revue its title "so that the wireless people will be compelled to give him a free advertisement every time they broadcast".[12]
The revue, directed by Herbert Mason, opened at the Duke of York's Theatre on 4 September 1923 and ran for 316 performances.[13] It was twice revised during its run. Soon after it opened, Charlot agreed with the American producer Archie Selwyn to present a revue on Broadway compiled from the best numbers and sketches from Charlot shows of recent years and starring Beatrice Lillie, Jack Buchanan and – to Coward's great regret – Lawrence, who had to leave the London show to sail to New York in December.[14]
Dorothy Clarke and Joyce Barbour replaced Lawrence and Eileen Molyneux for the second edition, starting on 1 December 1923. Coward provided two new numbers: "Temperamental Honeymoon" (for himself) and "I Prefer to be on the Safe Side" (for Barbour).[15] For the third edition only Maisie Gay remained of the original stars. The new cast included Teddie Gerard, A. W. Baskomb and Lance Lister. Coward wrote two more new numbers: "When we were Girls" (for Gay and Baskomb) and "A Spanish Grandee" (for Gerard).[15]
Reviews were highly favourable. The Times commented:
The critic in The Eastern Post wrote:
Bay and Basin 92.7FM (call sign: 2BAB) is a permanent licensed community radio station based in Sanctuary Point, on the New South Wales South Coast, Australia. It is licensed to serve the towns of Vincentia, Sanctuary Point, Huskisson, St Georges Basin and Basin View and surrounding villages, on the frequency of 92.7 FM.[1] The signal can be received from Gerringong to Ulladulla.[citation needed]
The station is run by BCR Communities formerly Bay and Basin Community Resources, a not-for-profit charitable organisation that delivers a range of home and community based programs throughout the Bay & Basin region, Shoalhaven and Illawarra. Original programming is produced and presented by volunteers, whilst other programs from Australian based community stations are taken off the Community Radio Network satellite. The station regularly conducts outside broadcasts for community events and fundraisers.[citation needed]
[2]
An eclectic format prevails, with volunteer presenters selecting their own music. The station has a strong focus on partnering with local schools to provide Youth radio and school based radio programs.
The station broadcasts 24/7 and webstreams live and has an active program of outside broadcasts.[3]The 2004 Men's European Volleyball League was the first edition of the European Volleyball League, organised by Europe's governing volleyball body, the CEV. The final Four was held in Opava, Czech Republic from 10 to 11 July 2004.

Osgodby is a village and civil parish in the district and county of North Yorkshire, England. Until 2023, it was in the borough of Scarborough.
Approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) south of Scarborough off the coastal road, Osgodby was a medieval village with a manor house mentioned in the Domesday Book as Asgozbi ('Asgaut's farm or estate'). It appears to have grown until the 13th or 14th century and then declined to a sparsely populated farming area by the 19th century. Housing was developed east of the medieval site in the 1930s and again from the 1960s, with buildings of farms on the site of the manor house being converted into a pub and a restaurant. The oldest surviving building is Stuart House, dated 1615. Remnants of a 13th-century chantry chapel of St Leonard have been incorporated into a barn.[2][3]
According to the 2011 UK census, Osgodby parish had a population of 1,248,[1] an increase on the 2001 UK census figure of 1,186.[4]
AnticlockwiseScarborough
Osgodby, Scarborough
ClockwiseFiley

This Scarborough location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sprivivirus is a genus of viruses in the family Rhabdoviridae, order Mononegavirales. Fish serve as natural hosts.[1][2]
Sprivivirions are enveloped, with bullet shaped geometries. Sprivivirus genomes are linear, around 11.1 kb in length. The genome codes for 5 proteins.[1]
Viral replication is cytoplasmic. Entry into the host cell is achieved by attachment of the viral G glycoproteins to host receptors, which mediates clathrin-mediated endocytosis. Replication follows the negative stranded RNA virus replication model. Negative stranded RNA virus transcription, using polymerase stuttering is the method of transcription. The virus exits the host cell by budding, and  tubule-guided viral movement. Fish serve as the natural host.[1]
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is a picaresque novel by American author Mark Twain that was first published in the United Kingdom in December 1884 and in the United States in February 1885.
Commonly named among the Great American Novels, the work is among the first in major American literature to be written throughout in vernacular English, characterized by local color regionalism. It is told in the first person by Huckleberry "Huck" Finn, the narrator of two other Twain novels (Tom Sawyer Abroad and Tom Sawyer, Detective) and a friend of Tom Sawyer. It is a direct sequel to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
The book is noted for "changing the course of children's literature" in the United States for the "deeply felt portrayal of boyhood".[2][better source needed] It is also known for its colorful description of people and places along the Mississippi River. Set in a Southern antebellum society that had ceased to exist over 20 years before the work was published, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is an often scathing satire on entrenched attitudes, particularly racism.
Perennially popular with readers, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn has also been the continued object of study by literary critics since its publication. The book was widely criticized upon release because of its extensive use of coarse language and racial epithets. Throughout the 20th century, and despite arguments that the protagonist and the tenor of the book are anti-racist,[3][4] criticism of the book continued due to both its perceived use of racial stereotypes and its frequent use of the racial slur "nigger".
In St. Petersburg, Missouri, during the 1840s, Huckleberry Finn has received a considerable sum of money following The Adventures of Tom Sawyer, and the Widow Douglas and her sister Miss Watson become his guardians. Despite preferring life as an errant boy, Huck stays so he can be part of Tom Sawyer's gang. Huck’s father, "Pap", an abusive alcoholic, tries to appropriate Huck's fortune. When this fails, Pap imprisons him in a remote cabin.
After a delirium tremens crisis in which Pap tries to kill Huck, Huck fakes his own murder and settles on Jackson's Island, where he reunites with Miss Watson's slave Jim, who ran away after overhearing she was planning to sell him. Huck and Jim decide to go down the Mississippi River to Cairo, in the free state of Illinois. After a flood, they find a timber raft and a house floating downstream. Inside the house, Jim finds a man who was shot to death but prevents Huck from seeing.[5] Huck sneaks into town and discovers there is a reward for Jim's capture and he is suspected of killing Huck; they flee on their raft.
Huck and Jim come across a grounded steamboat on which two thieves discuss murdering a third. Finding their raft has drifted away, they flee in the thieves' boat. They find their raft and sink the thieves' boat, then Huck tricks a night watchman into a rescue attempt, which fails when the steamboat sinks. Huck and Jim are separated in a fog. When they reunite, Huck tricks Jim into thinking he dreamed the event. Jim is disappointed in Huck when Huck admits the truth. Huck is surprised by Jim's strong feelings and apologizes.
Huck is conflicted about supporting a runaway slave, but when two white men seeking runaways come upon the raft, his lies convince them to leave. Jim and Huck realize they have passed Cairo. With no way to go upriver, they decide to continue downriver. The raft is struck by a passing steamship, again separating them. On the riverbank, Huck meets the Grangerfords, who are engaged in a 30-year feud with the Shepherdsons. After a Grangerford daughter elopes with a Shepherdson boy, all of the Grangerford men are killed in a Shepherdson ambush. Huck escapes and is reunited with Jim, who has recovered and repaired the raft.
Jim and Huck are joined by two confidence men claiming to be a King and a Duke, and they rope Huck and Jim into aiding in several scams. In one town, the King and the Duke cheat the townsfolk over two nights with a short, overpriced stage performance. On the third, the grifters collect the admission fee from previous audience members bent on revenge, then flee the town. In the next town, the swindlers impersonate the brothers of the recently deceased Peter Wilks and attempt to steal his estate. Huck tries to retrieve the money for Wilks's orphaned nieces. Two other men claiming to be Wilks' brothers arrive, causing an uproar. Huck flees but is caught by the King and the Duke. He escapes but finds they sold Jim to the Phelpses. Huck vows to free Jim, despite believing he will go to hell for it.
The Phelpses mistake Huck for their nephew Tom, who is expected for a visit, and Huck plays along. Their nephew is Tom Sawyer, and when he arrive he pretends to be his brother Sid, and develops a theatrical plan to free Jim. Huck attempts to warn the King and the Duke that Jim alerted the local residents to their scam but sees them tarred and feathered and being run out of town on a rail.
Tom is wounded during Jim's escape. Instead of fleeing, Jim stays to tend to him and is arrested and returned to the Phelpses.[6] Tom's Aunt Polly arrives and reveals Huck's and Tom's true identities. She explains that Miss Watson has died, and that she freed Jim in her will. Tom admits he knew but wanted to "rescue" Jim in style.[7] Jim tells Huck Pap was the dead man in the floating house. Huck declares he will flee to Indian Territory to escape adoption by the Phelpses.
In order of appearance:
Adventures of Huckleberry Finn explores themes of race and identity; what it means to be free and civilized; and the ideas of humanity and social responsibility in the changing landscape of America. A complexity exists concerning Jim's character. While some scholars point out that Jim is good-hearted and moral, and he is not unintelligent (in contrast to several of the more negatively depicted white characters), others have criticized the novel as racist, citing the use of the word "nigger" and emphasizing the stereotypically "comic" treatment of Jim's lack of education, superstition and ignorance. This argument is supported by incidents early in the novel where Huck deliberately "tricks" Jim, taking advantage of his gullibility and Jim still remains loyal to him.[9][10]
But this novel is also Huck's 'coming of age' story where he overcomes his initial biases and forms a deeper bond with Jim. Throughout the story, Huck is in moral conflict with the received values of the society in which he lives. Huck is unable consciously to rebut those values even in his thoughts, but he makes a moral choice based on his own valuation of Jim's friendship and human worth, a decision in direct opposition to the things he has been taught. Twain, in his lecture notes, proposes that "a sound heart is a surer guide than an ill-trained conscience" and goes on to describe the novel as "a book of mine where a sound heart and a deformed conscience come into collision and conscience suffers defeat".[11]
To highlight the hypocrisy required to condone slavery within an ostensibly moral system, Twain has Huck's father enslave his son, isolate him and beat him. When Huck escapes, he immediately encounters Jim "illegally" doing the same thing. The treatments both of them receive are radically different, especially in an encounter with Mrs. Judith Loftus who takes pity on who she presumes to be a runaway apprentice, Huck, yet boasts about her husband sending the hounds after a runaway slave, Jim.[12]
Some scholars discuss Huck's own character, and the novel itself, in the context of its relation to African-American culture as a whole. John Alberti quotes Shelley Fisher Fishkin, who writes in her 1990s book Was Huck Black?: Mark Twain and African-American Voices, "by limiting their field of inquiry to the periphery, [white scholars] have missed the ways in which African-American voices shaped Twain's creative imagination at its core." It is suggested that the character of Huckleberry Finn illustrates the correlation, and even interrelatedness, between white and Black culture in the United States.[13]
The original illustrations were done by E. W. Kemble, at the time a young artist working for Life magazine. Kemble was hand-picked by Twain, who admired his work. Hearn suggests that Twain and Kemble had a similar skill, writing that:
Whatever he may have lacked in technical grace ... Kemble shared with the greatest illustrators the ability to give even the minor individual in a text his own distinct visual personality; just as Twain so deftly defined a full-rounded character in a few phrases, so too did Kemble depict with a few strokes of his pen that same entire personage.[14]
As Kemble could afford only one model, most of his illustrations produced for the book were done by guesswork. When the novel was published, the illustrations were praised even as the novel was harshly criticized. E.W. Kemble produced another set of illustrations for Harper's and the American Publishing Company in 1898 and 1899 after Twain lost the copyright.[15]
Twain initially conceived of the work as a sequel to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer that would follow Huckleberry Finn through adulthood. Beginning with a few pages he had removed from the earlier novel, Twain began work on a manuscript he originally titled Huckleberry Finn's Autobiography. Twain worked on the manuscript off and on for the next several years, ultimately abandoning his original plan of following Huck's development into adulthood. He appeared to have lost interest in the manuscript while it was in progress and set it aside for several years. After making a trip down the Hudson River, Twain returned to his work on the novel. Upon completion, the novel's title closely paralleled its predecessor's: Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (Tom Sawyer's Comrade).[16]
Mark Twain composed the story in pen on notepaper between 1876 and 1883. Paul Needham, who supervised the authentication of the manuscript for Sotheby's books and manuscripts department in New York in 1991, stated, "What you see is [Clemens'] attempt to move away from pure literary writing to dialect writing". For example, Twain revised the opening line of Huck Finn three times. He initially wrote, "You will not know about me", which he changed to, "You do not know about me", before settling on the final version, "You don't know about me, without you have read a book by the name of 'The Adventures of Tom Sawyer'; but that ain't no matter."[17] The revisions also show how Twain reworked his material to strengthen the characters of Huck and Jim, as well as his sensitivity to the then-current debate over literacy and voting.[18][19]
A later version was the first typewritten manuscript delivered to a printer.[20]
Demand for the book spread outside of the United States. Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was eventually published on December 10, 1884, in Canada and the United Kingdom, and on February 18, 1885, in the United States.[21] The illustration on page 283 became a point of issue after an engraver, whose identity was never discovered, made a last-minute addition to the printing plate of Kemble's picture of old Silas Phelps, which drew attention to Phelps' groin. Thirty thousand copies of the book had been printed before the obscenity was discovered. A new plate was made to correct the illustration and repair the existing copies.[22][23]
In 1885, the Buffalo Public Library's curator, James Fraser Gluck, approached Twain to donate the manuscript to the library. Twain did so. Later it was believed that half of the pages had been misplaced by the printer. In 1991, the missing first half turned up in a steamer trunk owned by descendants of Gluck's. The library successfully claimed possession and, in 1994, opened the Mark Twain Room to showcase the treasure.[24]
In relation to the literary climate at the time of the book's publication in 1885, Henry Nash Smith describes the importance of Mark Twain's already established reputation as a "professional humorist", having already published over a dozen other works. Smith suggests that while the "dismantling of the decadent Romanticism of the later nineteenth century was a necessary operation," Adventures of Huckleberry Finn illustrated "previously inaccessible resources of imaginative power, but also made vernacular language, with its new sources of pleasure and new energy, available for American prose and poetry in the twentieth century."[25]
While it is clear that Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was controversial from the outset, Norman Mailer, writing in The New York Times in 1984, concluded that Twain's novel was not initially "too unpleasantly regarded." In fact, Mailer writes: "the critical climate could hardly anticipate T. S. Eliot and Ernest Hemingway's encomiums 50 years later," reviews that would remain longstanding in the American consciousness.[26]
Alberti suggests that the academic establishment responded to the book's challenges both dismissively and with confusion. During Twain's time and today, defenders of Adventures of Huckleberry Finn "lump all nonacademic critics of the book together as extremists and 'censors', thus equating the complaints about the book's 'coarseness' from the genteel bourgeois trustees of the Concord Public Library in the 1880s with more recent objections based on race and civil rights."[13]
Upon issue of the American edition in 1885, several libraries banned it from their shelves.[27] The early criticism focused on what was perceived as the book's crudeness. One incident was recounted in the newspaper the Boston Transcript:
The Concord (Mass.) Public Library committee has decided to exclude Mark Twain's latest book from the library. One member of the committee says that, while he does not wish to call it immoral, he thinks it contains but little humor, and that of a very coarse type. He regards it as the veriest trash. The library and the other members of the committee entertain similar views, characterizing it as rough, coarse, and inelegant, dealing with a series of experiences not elevating, the whole book being more suited to the slums than to intelligent, respectable people.[28]
Writer Louisa May Alcott criticized the book's publication as well, saying that if Twain "[could not] think of something better to tell our pure-minded lads and lasses he had best stop writing for them".[29][30]
In 1905, New York's Brooklyn Public Library also banned the book due to "bad word choice" and Huck's having "not only itched but scratched" within the novel, which was considered obscene. When asked by a Brooklyn librarian about the situation, Twain sardonically replied:
I am greatly troubled by what you say. I wrote 'Tom Sawyer' & 'Huck Finn' for adults exclusively, & it always distressed me when I find that boys and girls have been allowed access to them. The mind that becomes soiled in youth can never again be washed clean. I know this by my own experience, & to this day I cherish an unappeased bitterness against the unfaithful guardians of my young life, who not only permitted but compelled me to read an unexpurgated Bible through before I was 15 years old. None can do that and ever draw a clean sweet breath again on this side of the grave.[31][32]
Many subsequent critics, Ernest Hemingway among them, have deprecated the final chapters, claiming the book "devolves into little more than minstrel-show satire and broad comedy" after Jim is detained.[33] Although Hemingway declared, "All modern American literature comes from" Huck Finn, and hailed it as "the best book we've had", he cautioned, "If you must read it you must stop where the Nigger Jim is stolen from the boys. That is the real end. The rest is just cheating."[34][35] The African-American writer Ralph Ellison argued that "Hemingway completely missed the structural, symbolic and moral necessity for that part of the plot in which the boys rescue Jim. Yet it is precisely this part which gives the novel its significance."[36] Pulitzer Prize winner Ron Powers states in his Twain biography (Mark Twain: A Life) that "Huckleberry Finn endures as a consensus masterpiece despite these final chapters", in which Tom Sawyer leads Huck through elaborate machinations to rescue Jim.[37]
In his introduction to The Annotated Huckleberry Finn, Michael Patrick Hearn writes that Twain "could be uninhibitedly vulgar", and quotes critic William Dean Howells, a Twain contemporary, who wrote that the author's "humor was not for most women". However, Hearn continues by explaining that "the reticent Howells found nothing in the proofs of Huckleberry Finn so offensive that it needed to be struck out".[38]
Much of modern scholarship of Huckleberry Finn has focused on its treatment of race. Many Twain scholars have argued that the book, by humanizing Jim and exposing the fallacies of the racist assumptions of slavery, is an attack on racism.[39] Others have argued that the book falls short on this score, especially in its depiction of Jim.[27] According to Professor Stephen Railton of the University of Virginia, Twain was unable to fully rise above the stereotypes of Black people that White readers of his era expected and enjoyed, and, therefore, resorted to minstrel show-style comedy to provide humor at Jim's expense, and ended up confirming rather than challenging late 19th-century racist stereotypes.[40]
In one instance, the controversy caused a drastically altered interpretation of the text: in 1955, CBS tried to avoid controversial material in a televised version of the book, by deleting all mention of slavery and omitting the character of Jim entirely.[41]
Because of this controversy over whether Huckleberry Finn is racist or anti-racist, and because the word "nigger" is frequently used in the novel (a commonly used word in Twain's time that has since become vulgar and taboo), many have questioned the appropriateness of teaching the book in the U.S. public school system—this questioning of the word "nigger" is illustrated by a school administrator of Virginia in 1982 calling the novel the "most grotesque example of racism I've ever seen in my life".[42] According to the American Library Association, Huckleberry Finn was the fifth-most frequently challenged book in the United States during the 1990s.[43]
There have been several more recent cases involving protests for the banning of the novel. In 2003, high school student Calista Phair and her grandmother, Beatrice Clark, in Renton, Washington, proposed banning the book from classroom learning in the Renton School District, though not from any public libraries, because of the word "nigger". The two curriculum committees that considered her request eventually decided to keep the novel on the 11th grade curriculum, though they suspended it until a panel had time to review the novel and set a specific teaching procedure for the novel's controversial topics.[44]
In 2009, a white Washington state high school teacher, John Foley, called for replacing Adventures of Huckleberry Finn with a more modern novel.[45] In an opinion column that Foley wrote in the Seattle Post Intelligencer, he states that all "novels that use the 'N-word' repeatedly need to go." He states that teaching the novel is not only unnecessary, but difficult due to the offensive language within the novel with many students becoming uncomfortable at "just hear[ing] the N-word."[46]
In 2016, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn was removed from a public school district in Virginia, along with the novel To Kill a Mockingbird, due to their use of racial slurs.[47][48]
Publishers have made their own attempts at easing the controversy by way of releasing editions of the book with the word "nigger" replaced by less controversial words. A 2011 edition of the book, published by NewSouth Books, employed the word "slave" (although the word is not properly applied to a freed man). Their argument for making the change was to offer the reader a choice of reading a "sanitized" version if they were not comfortable with the original.[49]  Mark Twain scholar Alan Gribben said he hoped the edition would be more friendly for use in classrooms, rather than have the work banned outright from classroom reading lists due to its language.[50]
According to publisher Suzanne La Rosa, "At NewSouth, we saw the value in an edition that would help the works find new readers. If the publication sparks good debate about how language impacts learning or about the nature of censorship or the way in which racial slurs exercise their baneful influence, then our mission in publishing this new edition of Twain's works will be more emphatically fulfilled."[51] Another scholar, Thomas Wortham, criticized the changes, saying the new edition "doesn't challenge children to ask, 'Why would a childlike Huck use such reprehensible language?'"[52]Henry Laurence was an Oxford college head in the 16th-century.[1]
Laurence was  educated at Exeter College, Oxford, graduating B.A. in 1530 and M.A. in 1532. He was appointed a Fellow of Exeter in 1530. He was Rector of Exeter College from 1541 to 1543.[2] He was also a priest.

This biographical article about an English academic administrator is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article relating to the University of Oxford is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The second season of the Swedish version of Masked Singer started on 25 March 2022 on TV4.[1] David Hellenius returns as presenter of the show while Nour El Refai, Felix Herngren, Pernilla Wahlgren and Måns Zelmerlöw all return as jury.[2]

This Swedish television programme-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Xiaoyao Faction or Xiaoyao Pai[1] (Chinese: 逍遥派),[2] also known as Tea-drinking Faction (喝茶派),[3] translated into English as Wanderers' Faction[4] or Faction of Bystanders[5] or Carefree Clique,[6] refers to the illiterate or indifferent people who did not belong to any mass organization, who did not engage in any factional struggle,[7] and who stayed away from radical movements,[8] during the Cultural Revolution.[9] It included some cadres of the Chinese Communist Party,[10] and some less active Red Guards.[11]
The term "xiaoyao" comes from Zhuangzi,[12] and its original meaning in the phrase "xiaoyao pai" means having no conflicts with the world and being at ease. "Xiaoyao Pai" became a special term during the Cultural Revolution.[13] They were spectators of the Cultural Revolution.[14] At the beginning of the Cultural Revolution, there were very few members of the Xiaoyao Faction, but as the movement progressed, its membership gradually expanded.[15]
The Xiaoyao Faction was used as a term of criticism at the time. It was considered a derogatory term, and members of the so-called Xiaoyao Faction were seen as dishonorable.[16] However, since the Xiaoyao Faction was a group of "cold-eyed spectators" during the Cultural Revolution, they could obtain rational thinking and political wisdom that the "Rebel Faction" (造反派) could not. Because of this, a new group of independent spiritual bearers emerged from the original "Xiaoyao Faction".[17]
Notable representatives of the Xiaoyao Faction included Li Yuanchao,[18] Li Zehou,[19] Yan Jiaqi,[20] Liu Zaifu,[21] Fang Lizhi,[22] and Xu Liangying.
The tenth season of the American television sitcom Frasier aired on NBC from September 24, 2002 to May 20, 2003.[1] The opening title card was changed to metallic silver.
While driving Niles to return a birdcage, on the way to KACL, Frasier turns his BMW into a multi-storey car park and takes a ticket. Suddenly realising that his show starts in fifteen minutes, he promptly drives round to the exit gate and explains to the attendant, George (Luis Guzman), that he decided not to park. George insists he still pay $2, which is the standard charge for any portion of 20 minutes. Frasier objects on principle to paying when he has not parked, but when George refuses to let him out without paying, he decides to stay and get his money's worth, sitting in his car which is blocking the exit to all other motorists. Niles agrees that he is right to be frustrated, but tries to discourage his brother from his "peaceful protest.” Eventually, 20 minutes passes and Frasier pays $2. However, because he took time making a long speech he now owes $4. He then tells Niles to "hold on" and proceeds to drive through the barrier. Niles returns later at night and pays for the damage. Roz is compelled to start the show at KACL without him, and one careless remark while answering a caller's problem leads to the entire station discovering that she slept with Frasier. Meanwhile, it's a sad day in the Crane household as Daphne finishes moving out and Martin realizes just how much he's going to miss not having her around all the time.
Roz receives a visit from her twentysomething cousin, Jen (Zooey Deschanel), who typifies her age group (according to Niles) on account of her endless cynicism about everything. She also parties very hard, and since she has always looked up to Roz as the only exciting person in her home town, Roz feels obliged to maintain this image by joining her cousin at clubs until the small hours. However, Roz is not as young as she used to be, and the lack of sleep starts to take its toll. Frasier finds Jen's opinionated attitude intolerable, especially when she expresses her negative views on Sigmund Freud. Rather surprisingly, the person she experiences the best connection with is Kenny, who is impressed by her plan to travel to Vietnam.
When Niles was in the hospital and about to undergo his operation, Frasier made a pact with God that, in return for Niles’ safe passage, he would cherish all their time together. Niles emerges from hospital with renewed joie de vivre, although persists with his post-operative diet and physical restraint, even after the doctor gives him the all-clear, and this proves frustrating for Daphne. He also spends so much time talking about his near-death experience that it begins to annoy everyone else, particularly Frasier. However, he refuses to get drawn into arguments, fearing the wrath of a vengeful God.  Once Frasier discovers that Daphne made a similar pact with God that supersedes his, and is holding up her end, he feels freed to reengage Niles in their usual verbal sparring.  It takes a talking-to from Martin to get Niles to realize that he's been holding back from resuming his normal activities out of fear, and he rushes home to his wife ready to get back to his life. His heart is put to the test when he accidentally climbs into bed with Gertrude, confirming that if he can survive her, he can survive anything.
Kenny's divorce has been made final, and he is feeling depressed. Frasier suggests he seek professional help, and is eventually persuaded to take on the job himself. He actually finds it thrilling to return to private practice. However, after one evening out drinking at McGinty's with Martin, Kenny is already feeling better and wants to give up the therapy, much to Frasier's dismay. Meanwhile, Niles and Daphne have started yoga, and Niles is somewhat dispirited to discover that his wife is "outperforming him".
Julia has finished her affair with Frasier's accountant, Avery, and is vacillating between depression and anger. Frasier offers his support, even despite her determination to break into Avery’s office and cause chaos. During this escapade, they are forced to hide in a closet to avoid detection, and Frasier is surprised when Julia kisses him. She insists it was to keep him quiet, but he believes there must be more to it, and spends days trying to persuade Julia to talk it over with him. He also has to come to terms with the possibility that Roz may be leaving KACL, as she has been offered a job at another radio station as a program director. She in turn is worried because it appears she may have encountered the interviewer before, romantically. Meanwhile, Niles has discovered an unexpected enthusiasm for firearms.
Queen Victoria Street, named after the British monarch who reigned from 1837 to 1901, is a street in London that runs east by north from its junction with New Bridge Street and Victoria Embankment in the Castle Baynard ward of the City of London, along a section that divides the wards of Queenhithe and Bread Street, then lastly through the middle of Cordwainer ward, until it reaches Mansion House Street at Bank junction. Beyond Bank junction, the street continues north-east as Threadneedle Street which joins Bishopsgate. Other streets linked to Queen Victoria Street include Puddle Dock, Cannon Street, Walbrook and Poultry.
The road was commissioned in 1861[1] to streamline the approach to the central business district, and was provided for through the Metropolitan Improvement Act.[2] Costing over £1,000,000, it remains a major street within the City.[3] Its construction demolished New Pye Street, named after Sir Robert Pye.
The nearby London Underground stations are Blackfriars (at its western junction with New Bridge Street), Mansion House (where it crosses Cannon Street), and Bank (near its eastern end).
Queen Victoria Street formed part of the marathon course of the 2012 Olympic and Paralympic Games.[4][5]
Media related to Queen Victoria Street, London at Wikimedia Commons
51°30′43″N 0°06′00″W﻿ / ﻿51.512°N 0.09993°W﻿ / 51.512; -0.09993Sienno Dolne [ˈɕɛnnɔ ˈdɔlnɛ] (German: Schöneu) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radowo Małe, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) west of Radowo Małe, 20 km (12 mi) west of Łobez, and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.

This Łobez County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Gruney is a small, uninhabited island in Shetland, Scotland.  It lies north of the Northmavine peninsula of the Shetland Mainland, from which it is separated by the Gruney Sound.
Gruney has a population of Leach's petrels, one of just two in Shetland. It is not a National Nature Reserve, but the RSPB has a management agreement with the owners.
The island is also home to a lighthouse.
60°39′06″N 1°18′12″W﻿ / ﻿60.65177°N 1.30320°W﻿ / 60.65177; -1.30320

This Shetland location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Melinovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Мелиновац)[1] is a village in Croatia.
During World War II, as part of their genocide targeting ethnic Serbs, the Croatian fascist Ustaše regime killed about 890 Serbs from Melinovac as well as the nearby village of Ličko Petrovo Selo between June and August 1941. The victims were thrown into a pit.[4]
In the 2011 census, Melinovac had 9 inhabitants.[5] In the 2021 census, it had no inhabitants.[3]
According to the 1991 census, settlement of Melinovac had 43 inhabitants, which were ethnically declared as this:
According to the 1910 census, settlement of Melinovac had 337 inhabitants which were linguistically and religiously declared as this:

This Lika-Senj County geography article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
synonyms of E. grandicornis subsp. grandicornis:
Euphorbia grandicornis, the cow's horn plant, is a succulent plant of the Euphorbiaceae or spurge family. It is native to the KwaZulu-Natal province and the Northern Provinces of South Africa and to Mozambique and Eswatini.[2][4]
The specific epithet "grandicornis" means "with large horns," and refers to the pairs of spines, which look like the horns of a bull.[5]
Euphorbia grandicornis is a shrub with succulent, spiny stems that reaches a size of 0.5–2 m in height. Small leaves are formed between the spines but later drop off; the stems do the bulk of the photosynthesis. It is much branched from the base, with thorns, the branches 3-angled, erect or ascending, very deeply constricted in segments, subsagittate-ovate or reniform-sagittate, 5–13 cm long and 5 – 15 cm in diameter.[5][6][7]
The fruit is showy and pops open when ripe.[6]
It is found in dense dry mixed forest, on granite slopes, and on rocks, at elevations of 40 to 700 meters.[8]
Two subspecies are accepted:[2]
It is grown as a houseplant in temperate regions.[9]
Chemical constituents of E. grandicornis have been studied for their use in cancer treatment.[10]
The 2024–25 Tennessee State Tigers basketball team represents Tennessee State University during the 2024–25 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Tigers, led by seventh-year head coach Brian Collins, play their home games at the Gentry Center in Nashville, Tennessee, as members of the Ohio Valley Conference.
The Tigers finished the 2023–24 season 18–15, 10–8 in OVC play to finish in fifth place.[1] They defeated Southern Indiana,[2] before falling to Western Illinois in the quarterfinals of the OVC tournament.[3]
Roster Last update: November 28, 2024
Sources:[4][5]
SAHB Stories (pronounced "Sob Stories") is the sixth studio album by The Sensational Alex Harvey Band, released in 1976. It features their hit single "Boston Tea Party", as well as a cover of the Jerry Reed song, "Amos Moses". Harvey left the band shortly after this album was released, but returned in 1977.[1] The album was re-released in 1984 on the Sahara Records label.
^ Shipments figures based on certification alone.
John Maurice Mills (born 28 March 1953) is a retired British international swimmer.
He competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics.[1]
He represented England and won a bronze medal in the 4 x 200m freestyle relay, at the 1970 British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland.[2][3] Eight years later he won double silver in the 100 metres butterfly and the 4 x 100m medley relay, at the 1978 Commonwealth Games in Montreal, Canada.[4] He also won the ASA National Championship title in the 100 metres butterfly (1972, 1976, 1977, 1978) and the 1971 title in the 200 metres butterfly.[5][6][7][8][9] He also won the 1971 ASA British National 1500 metres freestyle title.[10]The Smith & Wesson Model 10, previously known as the Smith & Wesson .38 Hand Ejector Model of 1899, the Smith & Wesson Military & Police or the Smith & Wesson Victory Model, is a K-frame[2] revolver of worldwide popularity. In production since 1899, the Model 10 is a six-shot, .38 Special, double-action revolver with fixed sights. Over its long production run it has been available with barrel lengths of 2 in (51 mm), 3 in (76 mm), 4 in (100 mm), 5 in (130 mm), and 6 in (150 mm). Barrels of 2.5 inches (64 mm) are also known to have been made for special contracts.[3] Some 6,000,000 of the type have been produced over the years, making it the most-produced handgun of the 20th century.[4]
In 1899, the United States Army and Navy placed orders with Smith & Wesson for two to three thousand Model 1899 Hand Ejector revolvers chambered for the M1892 .38 Long Colt U.S. Service Cartridge. With this order, the Hand Ejector Model became known as the .38 Military and Police model.[5] That same year, in response to reports from military sources serving in the Philippines on the relative ineffectiveness of the new cartridge, Smith & Wesson began offering the Military & Police in a new chambering, .38 S&W Special (a.k.a. .38 Special), a slightly elongated version of the .38 Long Colt cartridge with greater bullet weight (158 grains) and powder charge increased from 18 to 21 grains of gunpowder.[5]
In 1902, the .38 Military & Police (2nd Model) was introduced and featured substantial changes.[3] These included major modification and simplification of the internal lockwork and the addition of a locking underlug on the barrel to engage the previously free-standing ejector rod. Barrel lengths were 4-, 5-, 6-, and 6.5-inches with a rounded butt. Serial numbers for the Military & Police ranged from number 1 in the series to 20,975. Most of the early M&P revolvers chambered in .38 Special appear to have been sold to the civilian market.[5] By 1904, S&W was offering the .38 M&P with a rounded or square butt, and 4-, 5-, and 6.5-inch barrels.
The .38 S&W Military & Police Model of 1905 4th Change, introduced 1915, incorporated a passive hammer block and enlarged service sights that quickly became a standard across the service revolver segment of the industry. The M&P revolver was issued in large numbers during World War I, where it proved itself to be a highly reliable and accurate weapon. Although WWI saw the rise of semi-automatic pistols, revolvers such as the M&P were used in vast numbers as semi-automatic handgun production at the time wasn't sufficient to meet the demand.
After the War, the M&P would become the standard issue police sidearm for the next 70 years. It would also become very popular with civilian shooters, with several new models being made, including the first snubnosed 2-, 2.5- and 3-inch barrel models being made in 1936.[3][6]
The S&W M&P military revolvers produced from 1942 to 1944 had serial numbers with a "V" prefix, and were known as the "Smith & Wesson Victory Model". Early Victory Models did not always have the V prefix. During World War II 590,305[7] of these revolvers were supplied to the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and South Africa under the Lend-Lease program, chambered in the British .38/200 caliber already in use in the Enfield No 2 Mk I Revolver and the Webley Mk IV Revolver. Most Victory Models sent to Britain were fitted with 4-inch or 5-inch barrels, although a few early versions had 6-inch barrels.[8][9] The 5-inch barrel was standard production after 4 April 1942. The Office of Strategic Services (OSS) supplied thousands of these revolvers to resistance forces. Thousands of Victory Model revolvers remained in United States Army inventories following World War II for arming foreign military and security personnel.[7]
An additional 352,315[7] Victory Model revolvers chambered in the .38 Special cartridge were used by United States forces during World War II. The Victory Model was a standard-issue sidearm for United States Navy and Marine Corps aircrews and was also used by security guards at factories and defense installations throughout the United States during the war.[10] Although the latter personnel could use conventional lead bullets, Remington Arms manufactured REM UMC 38 SPL headstamped cartridges loaded with a 158 gr (10.2 g) full metal jacket bullet for military use in overseas combat zones. Tracer ammunition was manufactured for signaling purposes.[7]
Initial production of 65,000 4-inch-barreled revolvers for Navy aircrew bypassed standard procurement procedures, and quality suffered without traditional inspection procedures. Quality improved when Army ordnance inspectors became involved in early 1942, and the design was modified in 1945 to include an improved hammer block after a sailor was killed by a loaded revolver discharging when accidentally dropped onto a steel deck. Many aircrews preferred to carry the revolver rather than the heavier M1911 pistol. Pilots often preferred a shoulder holster in the confined space of a cockpit, but a hip holster was also available for security personnel.[7]
Some of these revolvers remained in service well into the 1990s with units of the United States Armed Forces, including the United States Air Force and the Coast Guard. Until the introduction of the Beretta M9 9mm pistol in 1990, U.S. Army helicopter crew members and female military police were equipped with .38 caliber Victory Model revolvers. Five hundred revolvers with two-inch barrels were delivered on 22 August 1944[7] for Criminal Investigation Division agents. The Victory Model remained in use with Air National Guard tanker and transport crews as late as Operation Desert Storm in 1991, and with United States Navy security personnel until 1995.[11]
Some Lend-Lease Victory Model revolvers originally chambered for the British .38/200 were returned to the United States and rechambered to fire the more popular and more powerful .38 Special ammunition, and such revolvers are usually so marked on their barrels. Rechambering of .38-200 cylinders to .38 Special results in oversized chambers, which may cause problems.
Lee Harvey Oswald used a Victory Model to murder J.D. Tippit shortly after assassinating President John F. Kennedy. It was found in his possession when he was apprehended on November 22, 1963.[12]
The finish on Victory Models was typically a sandblasted and parkerized finish, which is noticeably different from the higher-quality blue or nickel/chrome finishes usually found on commercial M&P/Model 10 revolvers. Other distinguishing features of the Victory Model revolver are the lanyard loop at the bottom of the grip frame, and the use of smooth (rather than checkered) walnut grip panels. However, some early models did use a checkered grip, most notably the pre-1942 manufacture.[13]
After World War II, Smith & Wesson returned to manufacturing the M&P series. Along with cosmetic changes and the replacement of the frame fitting grip with the Magna stocks, the spring-loaded hammer block safety gave way to a cam-actuated hammer block that rode in a channel in the side plate (Smith 1968). In the late 1950s, Smith & Wesson adopted the convention of using numeric designations to distinguish their various models of handguns, and the M&P was renamed the Model 10.[11]
The M&P/Model 10 has been available in both blued steel finish and nickel finish for most of its production run. The model has also been offered throughout the years with both the round butt and square butt grip patterns. Beginning with the Model 10–5 series in the late 1960s, the tapered barrel and its trademark 'half moon' front sight (as shown in the illustrations on this page) were replaced by a straight bull barrel and a sloped milled ramp front sight. Late model Model 10s are capable of handling any .38 Special cartridge produced today up to and including +P+ rounds.[11]
As of 2012[update] the Model 10 was available only in a 4-inch barrel model, as was its stainless steel (Inox) counterpart, the Smith & Wesson Model 64.[14] Some 6,000,000 M&P revolvers have been produced over the years, making it the most popular handgun of the 20th century.[15]
Many of the S&W Military & Police revolvers were captured and used by some of the police forces, such as the Austrian Police, during the occupation after World War II. It is incorrect to refer to them as "the Model 10" as model numbers were not introduced by Smith & Wesson until 1957. Note that, during the First World War, copies (slightly undersized) of the Military & Police were produced in Eibar and Guernica (Spain), in 8mm 1892 caliber for the French armies; the Milice man on the right holds such a copy.
The weapon is currently[when?] used by French cash couriers and banks, Disciplined Services of Hong Kong, Myanmar Police Force officers and other Burmese paramilitary units, Peruvian National Police and other police units.
After a small prototype run of Model 10-6 revolvers in .357 Magnum caliber, Smith & Wesson introduced the Model 13 heavy barrel in carbon steel and then the Model 65 in stainless steel. Both revolvers featured varying barrel weights and lengths—generally three and four inches with and without underlugs (shrouds). Production dates began in 1974 for the Model 13 and ended upon discontinuation in 1999. The Model 65 was in production from 1972 to 1999.[3] Both the blued and stainless models were popular with police and FBI, and a variation of the Model 65 was marketed in the Lady Smith line from 1992 to 1999.
From the late 1940s to early 1960s Smith & Wesson made a Variation of the Model 10 chambered for .38 S&W called the Model 11[17] that was sent to British Commonwealth countries to supply their armies[17] and police forces. They were sent to Canada as well.
A few copies of Smith & Wesson Model 10 were produced in Israel by Israel Military Industries (IMI) as the Revolver IMI 9mm. The weapon was chambered in the 9mm Luger caliber, instead of .38 Special, the original caliber.[18][19] Also, Norinco of China has manufactured the NP50, which is a copy of the Smith & Wesson Model 64, since 2000.
The S&W Model 10 revolver was a popular weapon before the semi-automatic pistol replaced the revolver in many police departments, as well as police units and armies.
and all 9mm cartridgesTikti Punta (Quechua tikti wart, punta peak; ridge; first, before, in front of,[2][3][4] "wart peak", also spelled Ticte Punta) is a 4,944-metre-high (16,220 ft) mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Huánuco Region, Dos de Mayo Province, Marías District. Tikti Punta lies southeast of Wank'a Ukru Punta and northeast of a lake named Saqsaqucha ("multi-colored lake").[5]

This Huánuco Region geography article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Covillea Vail
Neoschroetera  Briq.
Schroeterella Briq.[1]
Larrea is a genus of flowering plants in the caltrop family, Zygophyllaceae. It contains five species of evergreen shrubs that are native to the Americas. The generic name honours Bishop Juan Antonio Hernández Pérez de Larrea, a patron of science.[2][3] South American members of this genus are known as jarillas and can produce fertile interspecific hybrids. One of the more notable species is the creosote bush (L. tridentata) of the southwestern United States and northwestern Mexico. The King Clone ring in the Mojave Desert is a creosote bush clonal colony estimated to be about 11,700 years old.
Media related to Larrea at Wikimedia Commons
 Data related to Larrea at Wikispecies

This rosid article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Revelation Space is a 2000 science fiction novel by Welsh author Alastair Reynolds. It was the first novel (but not first published work of fiction) set in Reynolds's eponymous universe. The novel reflects Reynolds's professional background: he has a PhD in astronomy and worked for many years for the European Space Agency.[1] It was short listed for the  2000 BSFA and Arthur C. Clarke Awards.[2]
Revelation Space begins with three seemingly unrelated narrative strands that merge as the novel progresses. This plot structure is characteristic of many of Reynolds's works.
The first strand centres around Dan Sylveste, beginning in the year 2551. Sylveste is an archaeologist excavating the remains of the long-dead Amarantin race that lived on a planet in the Delta Pavonis system. Over the course of decades, Sylveste learns that the Amarantin may have become technologically sophisticated before their sun destroyed life on the planet Resurgam nearly a million years prior.
The next strand centres around Ilia Volyova aboard the Nostalgia for Infinity, a large ship capable of interstellar travel. Volyova and the other members of her skeleton crew wish to find Sylveste because they believe he can help them with their captain, who has been infected with the Melding Plague, a nanotech virus that attacks human cells and machine implants to pervert them into grotesque combinations.
The third strand focuses on Ana Khouri, an assassin living on the planet Yellowstone (in the Epsilon Eridani system). Khouri is hired by a mysterious figure known as the Mademoiselle to assassinate Sylveste.
With help from the Mademoiselle, Khouri infiltrates the crew of the Nostalgia for Infinity as it reaches orbit around Yellowstone, knowing that they will then travel to Resurgam. The Nostalgia for Infinity arrives in orbit around Resurgam in 2566. Desperate to secure Sylveste's expertise to help cure her captain, Volyova and the other two members of the ship's ruling triumvirate (Sajaki and Hegazi) threaten the defenceless Resurgam civilisation, prompting its rulers to turn Sylveste over to them.
Once aboard, however, Sylveste informs the triumvirs that he has antimatter bombs hidden inside the implants in his artificial eyes that could destroy the Nostalgia for Infinity. He then agrees to attempt to cure their captain in exchange for a trip to Cerberus, a mysterious nearby planet orbiting a neutron star that he believes holds the secret to the truth of Amarantin civilisation. They soon discover that Cerberus is actually a massive beacon aimed at alerting a machine sentience of the appearance of new star-faring cultures so that it can destroy them. It is that sentience, Sylveste belatedly realises, that caused the demise of the Amarantin.
This was Alastair Reynolds's first published novel, and was published in a relatively small initial print run in the United Kingdom. It subsequently became a collectible first edition.
Thomas M. Wagner of SF Reviews wrote that "despite my disappointment, images and bits and pieces of the novel simply would not get out of my head. This is saying something, since, with the volume of SF and fantasy I read, I do not exactly retain an eidetic memory of everything I've read that I can call up in a second or two unless the book literally bowled me over. But in the case of Revelation Space, two and three years later I still could remember the opening scene in the archaeological dig on the lonely planet of Resurgam with remarkable clarity. The dark, eerie corridors of the vast starship Nostalgia for Infinity still brought haunting images to mind."[3]
A Dragonsworn review notes "there's plenty of beautifully scripted action sequences, and gorgeous descriptions—especially where the Nostalgia for Infinity is concerned. Reynolds paints a vivid picture of a haunting machine in decline, and a crew that may as well be ghosts." while observing the lack of character development.[4]
The Revelation Space Trilogy was listed in Damien Broderick's book Science Fiction: The 101 Best Novels 1985-2010.[5]
Jason Clarence Kreis (born December 29, 1972) is an American soccer coach and former player who is the director of operations and special projects for Major League Soccer side Real Salt Lake and the former head coach of the United States under-23 team. From 2021 to 2023, he also served as an assistant coach for MLS club Inter Miami. He coached Orlando City SC in Major League Soccer and was previously an assistant coach under Jürgen Klinsmann for the United States men's national soccer team.[1] Prior to that he was the head coach of New York City FC and Real Salt Lake.
Kreis spent the majority of his playing career in Major League Soccer in the United States, initially with the Dallas Burn, and later with Real Salt Lake. In total he made over 300 professional appearances, was Major League Soccer MVP in 1999, and is currently tied for the fifth highest scorer in MLS regular season history, with 108 goals. He also earned fourteen international caps for the United States national team.  At one point in his playing career, he was the all-time leading scorer in MLS history.
Kreis played for the Gladiator Soccer Club in his hometown of Omaha, Nebraska, where his parents were among the pioneers who established this first premier/select club within the state. As a freshman at Burke High School in Omaha, Kreis was selected First Team All-State.[2]  He remains the only freshman selected to the first team. Following his freshman year, Kreis and his family moved to Mandeville, Louisiana, where he led Mandeville High School to several Class 5A state soccer tournaments, but never won a state title, losing to Lafayette High, led by stars Shammi Gupta and Wayne Shullaw, in the quarterfinals his senior year. While at Mandeville, he was also a standout performer for the Baton Rouge United Jags, a U-19 Select team that finished as national runner-up in 1991 and won the prestigious Capital Cup tournament in Washington, D.C.
He played collegiately at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina. A first team All-America pick in 1993 and 1994, Kreis finished his college career with 39 goals and 38 assists, ranking fifth all-time in scoring.
In 1993, Kreis played during the summer for the Raleigh Flyers of the USISL.[3]  In the summer of 1994, he returned to Louisiana to play for the New Orleans Riverboat Gamblers, also of the USISL.[4]  After finishing his collegiate eligibility in 1994, Kreis signed his first professional contract with the Raleigh Flyers in the spring of 1995.
On August 1, 1995, Kreis signed a contract with Major League Soccer as the league prepared for its inaugural season.[5] Kreis was drafted forty-third overall by the Dallas Burn in the fifth round of the MLS Inaugural Draft. He scored the first goal in Burn history. In 1999, Kreis was the first American-born player to be named league MVP after he led the league in points and goals, and also registered the first 15-goal, 15-assist season in league history. The five-time all-star led his team in goals five times and in points four times.
On June 26, 2004, Kreis scored his eighty-ninth league goal against D.C. United, moving past Roy Lassiter to the top of the league's all-time goal-scoring chart.[citation needed] Kreis remained the MLS all time goalscoring leader for more than three years until Jaime Moreno surpassed his record on August 22, 2007. He ended his ninth MLS season with career totals of 91 goals and 65 assists for 247 points, plus added four goals and two assists in the playoffs. He remains Dallas' all-time leader in games played (247), goals (91), assists (65), and points (247).
On November 17, 2004, Kreis was traded to expansion team Real Salt Lake, becoming the first player in the club's history. Kreis scored the first goal in Salt Lake's history in its second match, a 3–1 loss to the Los Angeles Galaxy.[6] In doing so, he became the first player in league history to do so for two different teams, as he scored the inaugural goal for Dallas in 1996 as well.[7]
On August 13, 2005, he became the first player in MLS history to score 100 career league goals, during a 4–2 loss to the Kansas City Wizards.[8] The achievement was unexpected from observers, especially out of a 1996 class that included other candidates like Eric Wynalda, Brian McBride, or Joe-Max Moore; Kreis had never been considered a particularly dangerous goalscorer and had only lead the league in scoring once, in 1999.[9]
Kreis was left unprotected in the 2006 MLS Expansion Draft by Real Salt Lake and subsequently chosen by Toronto FC. He was reacquired by Salt Lake on November 17, 2006, with the club sending partial allocation money to Toronto in exchange.[10][11]
He retired as a player on May 3, 2007, to take over as head coach, finishing with 108 career goals.[12] His number (9) was retired by Real Salt Lake in 2011 but was later restored for use by Kreis's request.[13]
With only 14 international appearances,[14] Kreis was never able to translate his club success into one with the U.S. national team. He received his first cap on August 30, 1996, against El Salvador at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum.[15] Kreis scored his only international goal on September 8, 1999, in a 2–2 draw against Jamaica in Kingston.[16]
On May 3, 2007, Kreis retired from professional competition and was announced as the new head coach of Real Salt Lake, retiring as a player and taking over the coaching reins from John Ellinger.[17] At the time of his hire, Kreis became the youngest active head coach in MLS at 34 years and 127 days. He led Real Salt Lake to its first-post season playoff appearance in 2008 and in 2009 he coached the team to its first MLS Cup championship. Kreis is the youngest coach in MLS history to win the MLS Cup. Following the 2009 MLS Cup win, Kreis would lead Real Salt Lake to playoff appearances in every subsequent season through 2013, including an appearance in the 2013 MLS Cup, which RSL lost to Sporting Kansas City in dramatic fashion on penalty kicks. Kreis also guided Real Salt Lake to a very good CONCACAF Champions League campaign in 2011. Real Salt Lake won Group A and made it all the way to the 2011 CONCACAF Champions League Finals, only to lose to 3–2 on aggregate to C.F. Monterrey.
Real Salt Lake signed Kreis to a contract extension on March 24, 2011, that kept him at the RSL helm through the 2013 season, after which he left RSL to become head coach of New York City FC. Real Salt Lake originally retired Kreis' number 9 jersey from his playing days, but has since reinstated the number with his permission.[18]
On December 11, 2013, Kreis was announced as the first head coach of New York City FC, having reached the end of his contract at Real Salt Lake and declining an extension offer from RSL so he could take the New York City FC position.[19] The move came just four days after he missed out on lifting his second MLS Cup with the Utah team, losing on penalty kicks to Sporting Kansas City. It was revealed in the announcement that his contract, starting on January 1, 2014, would see him begin by traveling to Manchester in England to familiarize himself with the set-up of franchise-owners Manchester City.[19]
Kreis' inaugural season with NYCFC ended in disappointment. The club finished with a 10–17–7 record in the regular season placing 8th in the Eastern Conference, failing to make the 2015 MLS Cup Playoffs. He and the club parted ways on November 2, 2015.[20]
On July 19, 2016, Kreis was hired by Orlando City to replace outgoing inaugural coach Adrian Heath. At Orlando City, he reunited with two of his assistant coaches, Miles Joseph and C. J. Brown,[1] and led the club to its first win in two months during his first game in charge.[21]
On June 15, 2018, Kreis was released by Orlando City.[22]
On March 19, 2019, Kreis was named head coach of the United States men's national under-23 team.[23]
On February 15, 2020, Kreis was hired by Inter Miami, to coach their USL League One affiliate Fort Lauderdale.[24]
On March 1, 2021, Inter Miami announced that Kreis was to become an assistant coach under Phil Neville.[25] On June 1, 2023, the club announced that it had parted ways with Neville, with Kreis also relieved of his duties.[26]
IndividualIsaluy-e Zemi (Persian: عیسی‌لوی زمی, also Romanized as ‘Īsálūy-e Zemī; also known as ‘Īsálū-ye Z̄emī)[1] is a village in Bash Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 75, in 24 families.[2]
This Urmia County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Nebula Awards 29 is an anthology of award-winning science fiction short works edited by Pamela Sargent, the first of three successive volumes under her editorship. It was first published in hardcover and trade paperback by Harcourt Brace in April 1995.[1]
The book collects pieces that won or were nominated for the Nebula Awards for novel, novella, novelette and short story for the year 1994 and various nonfiction pieces related to the awards, together with the Rhysling Award-winning poems for 1993 and an introduction by the editor. Not all nominees for the various awards are included.
Maria Simson in Publishers Weekly rates the anthology "excellent ... cover[ing] a broad range of styles, treatments and subjects. Selected SF authors, in short essays, bemoan the state of the genre, yet these stories and novellas (and even a poem or two) give the lie to any pessimism." She calls it "Essential reading for anyone who enjoys science fiction, this collection goes a long way toward demonstrating that, now and then, those who engage in the sometimes thankless task of bestowing writing awards really do know how to pick winners." The pieces by Willis, Sheffield and Cady are singled out for particular comment, as are the tributes to Davidson, del Rey and Oliver.[2]
Carl Hays in Booklist notes that "Nebula award winners perennially represent the best state-of-the-art imaginative fiction, and 1994's are not exceptions. Editor Sargent provides a superlative showcase for the recipients and several runners-up by interspersing among them biographical sketches, overviews of sf films and poetry, and short essays by sf veterans appraising the year's creative highlights." He observes that "[a]lthough several of the pieces collected here appear in other year's-best anthologies, the Nebula gathering is, like its predecessors, an indispensable representation of the genre's best recent writing and a reliable indicator of its leading edge." He singles out the pieces by Haldeman, Sheffield and Cady for particular comment, as well as the excerpt from Robinson's novel.[3]
Barbara Hawkins, assessing the book for younger readers in School Library Journal, calls it a "well-crafted collection" in which a "variety of styles and themes awaits readers," summing it up as "[a]ll told, a bountiful excursion for Y[oung] A[dult] minds." She singles out the Haldeman, Cady, Sheffield and Chambers pieces for comment.[4]
The anthology was also reviewed by Gary K. Wolfe in Locus no. 411, April 1995 and Gary Reger in The New York Review of Science Fiction, September 1995.[1]
The book placed tenth in the 1996 Locus Poll Award for Best Anthology.[1]The PS22 Chorus, directed by Gregg Breinberg, is a Webby Award-winning public elementary school chorus from PS 22 in Graniteville, Staten Island, New York City. It is composed of 60-70 fifth-graders. PS 22 is the largest elementary school in Staten Island. PS22 Chorus has performed with a multitude of musical acts (e.g. Katy Perry, O.A.R., Carrie Underwood, Portugal. The Man, and Fifth Harmony) and has had celebrated appearances on numerous national and international broadcasts throughout the years (including the widely publicized performance of "Over The Rainbow" that closed the 83rd Academy Awards), after its videos had gained worldwide attention within the popular video-sharing site YouTube. To date, the chorus's YouTube videos have been watched more than 100 million times.[1]
Students are assigned to the chorus after an annual auditioning process at the beginning of each school year. The chorus meets twice a week during school hours to practice, and performs throughout the year at school functions, local events, and on special requests.[2]
The PS22 chorus was founded in 2000 by the school's music teacher, Gregg Breinberg, who led his 2001-2002 PS 22 Chorus to live TV in the aftermath of the September 11 attacks. He started blogging in September 2006 about the Chorus, following requests on a Tori Amos fan page, where he had shared some of his videos. Since then the chorus has become an Internet phenomenon. In 2009 New York magazine called it "the best-known elementary-school chorus on the planet".[3] The director Gregg Breinberg won a Tribeca Disruptive Innovation Award in  2017.[4]
Chorus of  2006/2007
Chorus of 2007/2008
Chorus of 2008/2009
Chorus of 2009/2010
Chorus of 2010/2011
Chorus of 2011/2012
Chorus of 2012/2013
Chorus of 2013/2014
Chorus of 2014/2015
Chorus of 2015/2016
Chorus of 2016/2017
Chorus of 2017/2018
Chorus of 2019
TV appearances
Radio appearances
Newspaper/Online newspaper articlesThe Boca West International also known as the Boca Raton IPA Classic is a defunct tennis tournament that was part of Bill Riordan's International Players Association (IPA) circuit from 1975–1976. The event was held in Boca Raton, Florida and was played on outdoor hard courts.

This tennis-related competition article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to sports in Florida is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Neocalyptis fortis is a moth of the family Tortricidae. It is found in Vietnam.[1]
The wingspan is 10.5 mm (0.41 in).

This Archipini-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Inashi Station (伊那市駅, Inashi-eki) is a railway station on the Iida Line in the city of Ina, Nagano Prefecture, Japan, operated by Central Japan Railway Company (JR Central).[1]
Inashi Station is served by the Iida Line and is 178.0 kilometers from the starting point of the line at Toyohashi Station.[1]
The station consists of two ground-level opposed side platforms connected by a footbridge. The station is staffed.[1]
The station opened on 14 May 1912 as Inamachi Station (伊那町駅). It was renamed Inashi on 10 November 1954 when Ina was elevated from town to city status. With the privatization of Japanese National Railways (JNR) on 1 April 1987, the station came under the control of JR Central.[1]
In fiscal 2015, the station was used by an average of 1192 passengers daily (boarding passengers only).[2]
The station is located in the centre of the city of Ina, close by the city hall, banks and commercial centre.
The Flame of Hercules: The Story of a Fugitive Galley Slave is a 1955 novel by Richard Llewellyn. It tells the story of a young captive prince from Gaul, Garvan, and how his travails augur that of young Christianity.[1] He falls in love with the daughter of a prominent citizen of Herculaneum, a Vestal. They become a part of a conflict between the devotees of Christ and of Diana.[2][3]

This article about a historical novel of the 1950s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.The San Francisco Public Library is the public library system of the city and county of San Francisco in United States. The Main Library is located at Civic Center, at 100 Larkin Street. The library system has won several awards, such as Library Journal's Library of the Year award in 2018.[4] The library is well-funded due to the city's dedicated Library Preservation Fund that was established by a 1994 ballot measure. The Preservation Fund was renewed twice, by ballot measures in 2007 and 2022.[5]
In August 1877 a residents' meeting was called by state senator George H. Rogers and Andrew Smith Hallidie who advocated the creation of a free public library for San Francisco.[6] A board of trustees for the Library was created in 1878 through the Free Library Act, signed by Governor of California William Irwin on March 18, which also created a property tax to fund the Library project.[7] The economist Henry George served as the board's first secretary.[8] The San Francisco Public Library (then known as the San Francisco Free Library) opened on June 7, 1879, at Pacific Hall on Bush Street at Kearny Street[9] and hired Albert Hart as the first librarian. In 1888 the Library moved to the Larkin Street wing of City Hall at Civic Center. The first three branches opened from 1888 to 1889, in the Mission, in North Beach, and in Potrero Hill. In 1889 the Library became a Federal depository by nomination of Senator George Hearst.
In 1905, architect Daniel Burnham presented his plans for a new Civic Center for San Francisco, including a new library building.[10] These plans were put on hold after the 1906 San Francisco earthquake, which destroyed about 140,000 volumes, nearly 80% of its holdings. The library moved to temporary quarters while a new building was designed and built. In 1917, the new main library building, designed by George W. Kelham, opened in the Civic Center.[11] Ten major murals by California Tonalist Gottardo Piazzoni were installed in 1931–1932; four more were completed in 1945, but left uninstalled until the 1970s.[12]
In 1986, a task force was set up to complete the design of the Civic Center, including the use of Marshall Square, next to the main library at the time, for a new main library.[13] The building was completed in 1995 and opened a year later on April 18, 1996. The old main library, which was damaged in the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake, was rebuilt as the new Asian Art Museum. The Piazzoni murals moved to the de Young Museum in 1999.[14]
In 2018 Library Journal awarded it the Library of the Year award.[15]
In March 2019, the San Francisco Public Library Commission voted to remove standing library fines and completely wipe out future fines because the fines serve as an impediment to access for community patrons who would otherwise use and visit one of San Francisco's twenty-seven public libraries. The vote needed to be approved by a Board of Supervisors and the mayor of San Francisco, Mayor London Breed was supportive of this action.[16] It was approved and September 15, 2019, was the first day all fines were cleared.[17]
Under the "Browse and Bounce” program, the public library began reopening its doors to visitors on May 3, 2021, for the first time since its shutdown in March 2020 due to the stay-at-home order issued during the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. The first floor of the Main Branch was the first to open with adjusted guidelines, such as an hour time limit and plexiglass between computers.[18]
In addition to the Main Library, the San Francisco Public Library has 27 branch libraries.[19]

In 1930, San Francisco voters approved a charter amendment to increase taxes to fund the construction of the Anza Branch Library. Using the site of the old Lafayette School, architect John W. Reid Jr. designed and landscaped the new branch building. The new branch was dedicated on April 10, 1932, with 11,823 new books on the shelves. Total cost for the building and its furnishings was $57,117.29. Anza Branch Library was the 17th branch established in the San Francisco Public Library system. The branch closed temporarily for renovation in May 2009. The Anza Branch reopened on Saturday June 18, 2011.
The new Bayview Library opened February 23, 2013. The original Bayview/Anna E. Waden Branch Library was opened as a storefront facility in 1927. It was the 13th branch in the San Francisco Public Library system, replacing a "library station" that had been established in 1921. In 1969, a red brick building was built on the corner of the 3rd Street and Revere Avenue in the Bayview/Hunters Point district with a bequest from Anna E. Waden, a clerical employee of the City of San Francisco. Miss Waden's gift of $185,700 paid for the development of this cooperative community project. The building was completed in February 1969, and the formal dedication took place on July 12, 1969. The architect was John S. Bolles & Associates and the contractor was Nibbi Brothers. The façade included a sculpture by Jacques Overhoff.
In 2014, the library was renamed in honor of Linda Brooks Burton who served as the branch’s manager for over 20 years and a champion for the community even after being promoted to district manager. During the library’s remodel in 2012, she fought for the opportunity of constructing the site be given to a locally led crew/company from the Bayview Community. Upon her passing, the community came together and campaigned for the name change. Many patrons who had  essentially grown up in the library spoke at the many community meetings, fighting for the change and attributed their continued education or love of reading and learning to the involvement, presence, care and compassion of Mrs. Burton and felt the honor befitting.
The Bernal Heights Renovation was completed on January 30, 2010. A “library deposit station” was established in 1920 at 303 Cortland Avenue. As the neighborhood and library grew, it was moved, in 1936, to 324 Cortland. When that proved inadequate the neighbors lobbied for a new building. The one floor branch library at 500 Cortland, was the 21st in the system and built on the site of the original Bernal School at a cost of $94,600. It was designed by Frederick H. Meyer, one of the most prolific and versatile architects in San Francisco at the turn of the 20th century, funded by the Work Projects Administration and dedicated on October 21, 1940.
Chinatown Branch Library, built in 1921 by architect G. Albert Lansburgh is a Carnegie library originally named the North Beach Branch. It is the third branch in the system. Located in Chinatown on Powell Street between Washington and Jackson, the name was changed in 1958 to more accurately reflect the community served. In 1972, the Chinese language, and the Chinese American Interest collections were started in response to the needs and interests of the Chinatown community. In 1991, public and private funds were obtained for a major renovation and expansion of the Chinatown Branch Library. The branch was seismically retrofitted and expanded to twice its original size with a community meeting room and story-room available to use for programs and special events. The Grand Reopening of the Chinatown Branch Library was held on June 15, 1996.
The Eureka Valley Renovation was completed on October 24, 2009. The first branch building was the second branch in the system and opened on January 2, 1902. It was named the McCreery Branch in honor of Andrew McCreery who donated the land and paid for construction. It was damaged in the Daly City earthquake of 1957 and demolished. The site was used to construct a new building designed by Appleton and Wolford at a cost of $192,335 and opened on December 20, 1961. It was named the Eureka Valley Branch. In 1981 the Library Commission officially changed the name of the branch to Eureka Valley/Harvey Milk Memorial Branch Library to honor Harvey Milk, the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California. Harvey Milk served as a member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors until he was assassinated along with Mayor George Moscone on November 27, 1978. In 2006 the City honored José Sarria, the first openly gay man to run for Supervisor (in 1961) by renaming the section of 16th Street adjacent to the branch as José Sarria Court. José Sarria is best known for founding the Imperial Court System, one of the cornerstones of the GLBT community.
The Excelsior Branch Library was the 10th branch established in the San Francisco Public Library system. Initially a "library station", the first branch library was installed in rental quarters at 7 Bauer Street. In 1925 the branch was located on Ocean Avenue and later at 4465 Mission Street. The current building at 4400 Mission Street was opened to the public October 1, 1967. The branch was designed by architects Appleton and Wolfard and built for $248,000. The Excelsior Branch was the first to be renovated under the Branch Library Improvement Program and reopened on July 8, 2005.
Glen Park Branch Library first opened in January 1927, at 700 Bosworth Street. The branch was located at that site for almost 38 years, until the building that housed it was demolished during construction of Interstate 280. Glen Park Branch was then housed in several different locations over the course of 42 years until a multiuse building was constructed in the neighborhood at 2825 Diamond Street. Part of the new building was designated just for the library. The branch opened on October 13, 2007, and became the sixth branch to be renovated through the Branch Library Improvement Program.
In June 1917, to serve residents of the growing Golden Gate Valley, Cow Hollow, and Marina neighborhoods, construction of the Golden Gate Valley Branch Library was begun at a site on the southwest corner of Green and Octavia Streets that had been purchased by the city for $7,500. The resulting brick and terra cotta Beaux-Arts structure was designed in the shape of a basilica by local architect Ernest Coxhead. Though Carnegie grant funds paid for the building, City funds were used for the furnishings. The total cost of the building and furnishings came to $43,000, and on May 5, 1918, the branch was opened to the public. Golden Gate Valley Branch was the ninth branch established in the San Francisco Public Library system.
The new Ingleside Branch opened on September 12, 2009.
Ingleside Branch, the 11th in the system, opened in 1925. The neighborhood was served by "library station" at several locations, including 422 Holloway Avenue, 1612 Ocean Avenue and 387 Ashton Avenue. On May 30, 2001, the library moved to a leased facility—the former Bank of America building, at 1649 Ocean (at Faxon). The eagerly anticipated new branch building at 1298 Ocean Avenue (at Plymouth) opened in 2009.
The Richmond Renovation was completed on May 16, 2009. Richmond/Senator Milton Marks Branch was the fourth branch established within the San Francisco Public Library system. The first location of the branch, in 1892, was at 809 Point Lobos Avenue (now Geary Boulevard) and Parker Avenue. In 1914 a new Richmond Branch opened at the current location, the first library building in San Francisco constructed with Andrew Carnegie grant funds. In December 2000, the San Francisco Landmarks Board nominated Richmond Branch Library for designation as a city landmark. Funded by both a City bond measure and $6 million in Proposition 14 State bond funds, a newly renovated, seismically safe, accessible and technologically updated building opened in 2009.
The San Francisco Public Library offers a "homeless and poverty outreach library team" with the help of the Department of Public Health that helps find housing and other services for homeless patrons who set up camp among the stacks.[20] In 2009, in the San Francisco Public Library's Main Library, Leah Esguerra became the first library-based social worker.[21]
37°46′44″N 122°24′59″W﻿ / ﻿37.7790°N 122.4163°W﻿ / 37.7790; -122.4163Polar Bear, Polar Bear, What Do You Hear? is a 1991 children's picture book, written by Bill Martin Jr. and it is illustrated by Eric Carle.[1] It was published by H. Holt.[2]
The book is designed to help toddlers identify wild animals (from the zoo) and the noises they make. It features a polar bear, a lion, a hippopotamus, a flamingo, a zebra, a boa constrictor, an elephant, a leopard, a peacock, a walrus, a zoo keeper and some children.
This is a companion book to Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?, published by Carle and Martin in 1967,[1] replacing the earlier text's colours and common animals with sounds and less common animals.

This article about a picture book is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Galerina vittiformis, also called the hairy leg bell, is a species of agaric fungus in the family Hymenogastraceae, and the type species of the genus Galerina. It is widely distributed in temperate regions, where it typically grows in moist locations, often among mosses.[1] The fungus has been shown to bioaccumulate various heavy metal from contaminated soil.[2][3]
Galerina vittiformis has a honey-coloured, striped, hygrophanous cap, that is 0.4–2.5 centimetres (0.16–0.98 in) wide. Its shape is bluntly conical becoming broadly convex and even flat with age, often with a prominent umbo. The gills of Galerina vittiformis are adnate and tawny to cream coloured. Its spore print is reddish brown.
The flesh of Galerina vittiformis is thin and fragile. Its stem is equal and pale yellow to chestnut brown, and is initially slightly downy. Its dimensions are 3-6cm x 0.07-0.2cm, and it has no veil.
Microscopically, its spores measure 10-12.3 x 5-6.5 microns and egg shaped. Its plage is sharply defined, and the spores have an apical callus. Each basidium has 2 spores, and measures 20-24 x 7-8 microns. They are colorless in KOH. The pleurocystidia and cheilocystidia measure 56-74 x 10-16 microns, and are abundant to scattered. They are thin, and fusoid-ventricose with an acute or rounded tip. They are also colorless in KOH.[4]

This Hymenogastraceae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sergei Vladimirovich Makhlai who also uses the name George Mack[2][3] (US name change) (Russian: Махлай Сергей Владимирович; born February 16, 1969) is a Russian businessman and former chairman of TogliattiAzot, one of the world's largest producers of ammonia, chairman of the board of directors of TogliattiAzot in 2012–2017.[4]
[5]
From 1987 to 1989, he performed mandatory military service. He then worked for several years in various middle management roles with construction companies in Togliatti. In 1993, he graduated from Togliatti State University with an undergraduate degree in engineering. He later obtained an MBA at the University of North Carolina.[1] and accepted US citizenship shortly thereafter.[2] He resides in the United States of America where he goes by the name of George Mack.[6]
In March 2011, he was elected chairman of TogliattiAzot, replacing his father, Vladimir Makhlai.[7] He resigned from the Board in 2017.[4][1]
At a Annual General Meeting in 2012, the largest minority shareholder, Uralchem, voted against the resolution to approve the annual financial report claiming that net income for 2011 was understated by approximately US$200 million, while access for another minority shareholder was blocked by a court decision.[8]
In 2015, TogliattiAzot spent 460 million rubles on environmental protection initiatives, such as enhanced water and air quality monitoring.[9][1]
In 2016, TogliattiAzot announced continued plans for development of an ammonia transshipment terminal at the port of Taman in the Krasnodar region.[9][10]
Makhlai's grandparents worked as miners in Gubakha after moving there from Kherson, a city in southern Ukraine. He has one brother, Andrei. Makhlai is married and has two daughters.[1]Sir John William Denys Margetson KCMG (9 October 1927 – 17 October 2020) was a British diplomat who served as ambassador to Vietnam, the United Nations, and the Netherlands.
Margetson was the younger son of the Very Rev. William Margetson and Marion Jenoure. He was educated at Blundell's School and St John's College, Cambridge, where he was a choral scholar. From 1947 to 1949, Margetson served his National Service with the Life Guards regiment of the Household Cavalry.
Following his period of National Service Margetson joined the Colonial Service and later the Diplomatic Service where he was speech writer to the Foreign Secretary, George Brown, 1966–68.
Margetson's later career included appointments as British Ambassador to Vietnam 1978–80,[1] deputy Permanent Representative to the United Nations (with rank of ambassador) 1983–84, and ambassador to the Netherlands 1984–88. He was appointed CMG in 1979[2] and knighted KCMG in 1986.[3]
Following his retirement from the Foreign Office, Margetson devoted himself to various charities and was chairman of the Royal School of Church Music 1988–94, of the Yehudi Menuhin School 1990–94, and of the joint committee that manages the Royal College of Music and the Royal Academy of Music 1991–94. He served as Gentleman Usher of the Blue Rod from 24 July 1992 – 25 October 2002.[4]
In 1963, Margetson married Miranda, daughter of Sir William Coldstream. They had a son and a daughter.[5][6]
Margetson died on 17 October 2020, at the age of 93.[7]Trás-os-Montes is a Portuguese wine region located in the Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro region. The entire wine region is entitled to use the Vinho Regional designation Transmontano VR, while some areas are also classified at the higher Denominação de Origem Controlada (DOC) level under the designation Trás-os-Montes DOC.[1] VR is similar to the French vin de pays and DOC to the French AOC.
Located in the northeastern corner of Portugal, the Trás-os-Montes region has vineyards across a wide range of altitudes that produces a vast spectrum of wine. The vineyards in the cooler high altitude produces wines that are light bodied while the lower altitude region produces full bodied, highly alcoholic wines. One of the first wines to gain international attention was the semi-sweet, semi-sparkling wine known as rosado.[2]
Douro DOC, which is famous as the Port wine region, is also located in Trás-os-Montes e Alto Douro and could use the former Trás-os-Montes VR designation.[2] However, with the creation of a separate Duriense VR, Douro vineyards are now separate from both the Trás-os-Montes DOC and Transmontano VR.[1]
There are three subregions of the Trás-os-Montes region that are entitled to the Trás-os-Montes DOC designation. The names of the subregions may be indicated on the label together with the name Trás-os-Montes, for example as Trás-os-Montes-Chaves. These subregions were initially created as separate Indicação de Proveniencia Regulamentada (IPR) wine regions, and in 2006 were put together as the Trás-os-Montes DOC.[3] The three subregions are:
The principal grapes of the Trás-os-Montes region include Bastardo, Cabernet Franc, Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay, Donzelinho branco, Gewürztraminer, Gouveio, Malvasia Fina, Merlot, Mourisco Tinto, Pinot noir, Rabo de Ovelha, Sauvignon blanc, Semillon, Tempranillo, Tinta Amarela, Tinta Barroca, Tinta Cao, Touriga Francesa, Touriga Nacional and Viosinho.[2]

Maple Creek is a subterranean meteorite crater in Saskatchewan, Canada. It is 6 km (3.7 mi) in diameter and the age is estimated to be less than 75 million years (Late Cretaceous or younger). The crater is buried beneath younger sediment and cannot be seen at the surface.[1]

This article about a location in the Census Division No. 4 of Saskatchewan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to the Cretaceous period is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Civico Museo Sartorio is a museum in Trieste, northern Italy. Set in an urban villa, it exhibits ceramics, majolica, porcelain and pictures, typical equipment of Trieste's villas at the end of the 19th century.[1]
Besides the villa itself being a very interesting building architecturally, it contains drawings of Giambattista Tiepolo, painting of Giambattista Pittoni and a glyptotheque. The museum opened to the public partially in 1949 and completely 1954. In 2006, the museum reopened after a period of renovation.
Currently the Museum hosts temporary exhibits and cultural events such as theatre and music in the summer.
The villa once belonged, among the others, to the Sartorio dynasty originally from Sanremo. A branch of the family moved in 1775 to Trieste as part of its business expansion. Pietro Sartorio moved from Sanremo to Trieste with his family and bought the house, which had previously belonged to the merchant family Faraon, originary from Alexandria of Egypt.  The last heir of the Sartorio family, Baroness Anna Segrè Sartorio, left the villa and all its furniture to Trieste's city council with the explicit wish to make it a public museum.
The villa was used by the Allies, as their headquarters after WW2, as can be seen by the marks on the tiles and walls where the telephone and electric leads were brought through.
45°38′46″N 13°45′48″E﻿ / ﻿45.64611°N 13.76333°E﻿ / 45.64611; 13.76333


This article related to an art display, art museum or gallery in Italy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Victoria was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick, Canada. It used a bloc voting system to elect candidates, and was created from Carleton in 1846.  It was abolished with the 1973 electoral redistribution, when the province moved to single-member ridings.


Pipistrellus pulveratus (Peters, 1870)
The Chinese pipistrelle (Hypsugo pulveratus) is a species of vesper bat in the family Vespertilionidae. It is found in China, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam.
Philetor brachypterus
Hypsugo macrotis
Hypsugo cadornae
Hypsugo dolichodon
Hypsugo pulveratus
Hypsugo savii
Hysugo alaschanicus

This Vespertilionidae article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Inkoo LNG terminal is a liquefied natural gas (LNG) shipping terminal, situated near Ingå, Finland on the Gulf of Finland.  It became operational in January 2023, and received first gas in April 2023,[1] with some shipments for Estonia.[2] The floating regasification equipment and port facility was built to offload marine-shipped LNG to Finland following the cutoff of Russian pipeline gas in the aftermath of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, and will have the capability over time to supply gas to the Baltic countries as well.[3]
Planning for an LNG port in Finland had been variously considered since the 2000s,[4] but was accelerated following the global natural gas supply crisis.
Inkoo LNG terminal is Finland's first LNG shipping terminal.[4]
The plans for building an LNG terminal in the deep-water port of Inkoo were finalized in June 2022, four months after the invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the project began operation in January 2023. Previous attempts to build an LNG terminal for Finland were aborted before construction began.
An earlier proposed LNG project for Finland and Estonia was Finngulf LNG by the Finnish natural gas company Gasum.[5] Conceived in the 2000s, with an environmental impact assessment completed in spring 2013,[6] Gasum abandoned the project in October 2015 due to insufficient commercial viability.[7]
After the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February 2022, the project rationale for building the Inkoo LNG terminal was principally to increase the security of natural gas supply to Finland. Reusing a particular property improved the project's economics on the port with an already-built pier—where a coal power plant had previously operated, which had been dismantled in 2020. Environmental impact assessments (EIA) had been completed on the property in 2014–2015.[4] Still, the project was not built out due to reliance on Russian gas supplied by pipeline. Finland had begun importing gas from Russia in the 1970s during the Soviet era, utilizing two parallel Russia-Finland natural gas pipelines.[3]
Construction of the port facility began in August 2022 and was completed in four months.[8]
During 2022, Gasgrid Finland entered into a 10-year lease of approximately €460 million to utilize the regasification vessel FSRU Exemplar at Inkoo. FSRU Examplar is owned by the U.S. company Excelerate Energy.[3]
The FSRU Exemplar regasification vessel is 291 m (955 ft) in length, 43 m (141 ft) in width, has a storage capacity of 68,000 t (75,000 tons) of LNG,[3][9] with an energy content equivalence of 1050 GWh. Exemplar's evaporation capacity is 140 GWh/day and up to 40 TWh[4] (5 billion cubic metres) per year, more than Finland's 25 TWh consumption per year.[10]
The port is located less than 2 km (1.2 mi) from the Balticconnector bidirectional gas pipeline between Estonia and Finland that connects the two nations' gas grids.[4]
The North Ghent Historic District is a national historic district located at Norfolk, Virginia. It encompasses 322 contributing buildings in a primarily residential section of Norfolk. It developed primarily between 1897 and 1912 as a northward extension of
Ghent.  The neighborhood includes notable examples of a variety of architectural styles including the Greek Revival and Queen Anne styles.  Notable non-residential buildings include the First Presbyterian Church, Ohef Sholom Temple, and Ghent Methodist Church (1921).  Located in the district is the separately listed Christ and St. Luke's Church.[3]
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.[1]

This article about a property in Norfolk, Virginia on the National Register of Historic Places is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1899 LSU Tigers football team represented the LSU Tigers of Louisiana State University during the 1899 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season. New coach John P. Gregg led the Tigers to a 1–4 season. The only wins were in an exhibition game against a high school team (which LSU does not officially record as a win) and against rival, Tulane.  It was the first year of play for LSU's second five-year letterman, John J. Coleman (1899, 1900, 1901, 1902, 1903).
Roster from Fanbase.com[8] and LSU: The Louisiana Tigers[9]

This college football 1890s season article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to sports in Baton Rouge, Louisiana is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Zorita del Maestrazgo (Valencian: Sorita) is a municipality located in the province of Castellón, Valencian Community, Spain.


This article about a location in the Valencian Community, Spain, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Justin Watson (born 18 February 1998) is a South African cricketer.[1] He made his Twenty20 debut for Mpumalanga in the 2019–20 CSA Provincial T20 Cup on 13 September 2019.[2]
This biographical article related to a South African cricket person born in the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sebastián Gembický (born 25 April 2001) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a forward or winger for Rimavská Sobota.
Gembický made his Slovak league debut for Zemplín Michalovce against DAC 1904 Dunajská Streda on 25 July 2021.[1]

This biographical article related to a forward from Slovakia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Erythronium mesochoreum, the prairie fawn lily or midland fawnlily, is a plant species in the lily family, native to the US states of Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Nebraska, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas and Arkansas.[3][4][5]
Erythronium mesochoreum forms flattened to egg-shaped corms up to 25 mm long.[4] The corms grow offsets in a manner similar to tulips, creating new plants as well as setting seed.[6] Leaves are elliptic to lanceolate, up to 14 cm long. Scape is up to 15 cm tall, bearing only one flower. Tepals are spreading at flowering time, white with blue or purple tinge on the underside and a yellow spot on the upper side. Anthers are yellow, and style is white.[4][7][8]
Prairie fawn lily is grown by wildflower gardeners particularly in areas in or near its habitat in the plains. It shows some adaptation to being grown in drier areas such as South Dakota.[6]

This Liliales article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Dimitrios Karatasos (Greek: Δημήτριος Καρατάσος, 1798–1861), known as Yero-Tsamis (Greek: Γέρo-Τσάμης) or Yero-Karatasos (Greek: Γέρo-Καρατάσος), was a Greek chieftain who participated in the Greek War of Independence and several other rebellions, seeking to liberate his native Greek Macedonia.
Karatasos was born in the village of Dihalevri in the Imathia region (now Greek Macedonia) in 1798, the son of Anastasios Karatasos who had proclaimed the Greek Revolution in the Naoussa area in 1821.[1] He fought during the Greek War of Independence, alongside his father, first in the Naoussa area and, after the destruction of Naoussa, in Rumeli. In 1828, he was a leading figure in the final phase of the war to rid Rumelia of all Turkish military presence.
Like his father, Dimitrios was a supporter of a Greek-Serbian Entente in order to relieve the Balkans from the Ottoman occupation. During the period 1844–53 he ventured in the Serbian communities in Trieste and in Skopje in order to find support for a common cause. His assignments were semi-official and one could state that he was a kind of modern-day political agent trying to forge alliances within the realm of secret diplomacy.
After Greek independence, Tsamis Karatasos continued the struggle to liberate his native Greek Macedonians, taking part in an 1854 liberation movement in Chalkidiki. He was one of the prime instigators of the revolt, during which he became known by the epithet Yero (Greek: "γέρο" meaning "elder one"), as Yero-Tsamis or Yero-Karatasos.[1] The insurrections had the support of King Otto of Greece who thought that the liberation of Macedonia and other parts of Greece was possible, hoping on Russian support.[2] The revolt, however, failed in its part having deteriorated the Greco-Turkish relations for the years to come.
Karatasos strongly believed that only a Greek-Serbian agreement could accelerate the process of driving the Ottoman presence from the Balkans. In 1859 he made his claims public by writing articles in a Greek newspaper, whilst cajoled the representatives Serbian community in Greece in order to get support and advice for his goal. The Bavarian-born King Otto was affirmative and promoted Karatasos contacts. Therefore, in 1861 he ventured to Belgrade in order to sign the first official treaty between the two states. During his stay he died from unspecified reasons, presumably from an illness, while planning another uprising.
A few months later King Otto was expelled from the country due to a popular uprising.
The first Greek-Serbian alliance was signed in 1867.Wolf-Dietrich "Wolfdieter" Huy[Note 1] (2 August 1917 – 13 July 2003) was a former Luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves during World War II. A flying ace or fighter ace is a military aviator credited with shooting down five or more enemy aircraft during aerial combat.[1]
Born on 2 August 1917 in Freiburg im Breisgau, at the time in the Grand Duchy of Baden of the German Empire. Oberleutnant Huy joined Trägergruppe II./186 in July 1939.[2] His first combat claim was a Spitfire on 31 May 1940. On 13 August 1940, Huy was appointed the first Staffelkapitän (squadron leader) of the newly created 7. Staffel (7th squadron) of Jagdgeschwader 77 (JG 77—77th Fighter Wing).[3]
By early 1941 Huy's Staffel served mainly as a Jaboflieger, flying ground support missions. In preparation for Operation Marita, the Geschwaderstab, II. and III. Gruppe of JG 77 transferred to Deta in western Romania on 1 April 1941, completing the relocation by 4 April.[4] German forces invaded Greece on 6 April.[5]
During operations against Greece and Crete Huy  carried out several successful attacks on shipping in an Bf 109F-4 coded 'White 1', (Werknummer 8334—factory number). III./JG 77 claimed some 34,000 tonnes of shipping sunk, including the 22,000 ton freighter 'Hellas' as well as damaging the Royal Navy cruiser HMS Fiji and a destroyer. On 22 May 1941, Huy led 7. Staffel of JG 77 which attacked the British battleship HMS Warspite between 12:13 and 12:48 during the Battle of Crete. Oberleutnant Huth, Feldwebel Furth and Unteroffizier Pichler each had hit the Warspite and damaged her. The pilots had misidentified the ship and had reported an attack on HMS Valiant.[6][7]
Following the operations in Crete, JG 77 was withdrawn to prepare for Operation Barbarossa, the invasion of the Soviet Union, which started on 22 June 1941, III. Gruppe supported the advance East as part of Army Group South, and scored heavily. Huy was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross (Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes) on 5 July 1941, awarded principally for his actions in the Balkans and Crete. The award was presented by Generalleutnant Kurt Pflugbeil.[8] Both Huy and the Gruppenkommandeur (group commander), Major Alexander von Winterfeldt, received the Knight's Cross at the airfield at Iași.[9]
III./JG 77 served in the Crimea through to early 1942. On 23 January 1942, his Messerschmitt Bf 109 F-4 was damaged in aerial combat resulting in a forced landing at Tarpowka.[10] His opponent may have been the Soviet pilot from 32 IAP,[Note 2] Starshiy Leytenant Mikhail Avdeyev.[11] A Soviet offensive aimed at relieving Sevastopol ensued and Oberleutnant Huy claimed the Gruppe's 600th victory on 11 March, and his thirty-eight victory, but was then mistakenly shot down and wounded by German anti-aircraft fire. During his convalescence, Huy was briefly replaced by Hauptmann Erich Friedrich, then by Oberleutnant Friedrich-Wilhelm Strakeljahn, and lastly by Oberleutnant Walther Lücke.[12]
Huy was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross with Oak Leaves (Ritterkreuz des Eisernen Kreuzes mit Eichenlaub) on 17 March 1942.[13] The presentation was made by Adolf Hitler at the Wolf's Lair, Hitler's headquarters in Rastenburg, present-day Kętrzyn in Poland. Also presented with awards that day by Hitler were Hauptmann Herbert Ihlefeld, who received the Swords to his Knight's Cross with Oak Leaves, and Oberleutnant Wolfgang Späte who was also honored with the Oak Leaves.[14]
Following his recovery from the wounds sustained in March, Huy returned to JG 77 on 2 August 1942, again taking command of 7. Staffel.[12]
On 23 October 1942, the British Eighth Army launched the Second Battle of El Alamein. Preceding this attack, the Luftwaffe had already planned to replace Jagdgeschwader 27 (JG 27—27th Fighter Wing), which had been fighting in North African theater, with JG 77.[15] In preparation for this rotation, III. Gruppe of JG 77 was moved to Munich on 19 October where it was equipped with the Bf 109 G-2/trop. On 23 and 24 October, the Gruppe moved to Bari in southern Italy.[16] The Gruppe then relocated to Tobruk Airfield on 26 October.[17] The following day, the Gruppe moved to an airfield at Tanyet-Harun.[18]
On 28 October, Huy claimed a Spitfire shot down near El Alamein.[19] On 29 October, Huy was shot down in his Bf 109 G-2 (Werknummer 13633) and baled out.[20] His victor was P/O JH Nicholls (an eventual 7-kill ace) flying a Supermarine Spitfire Vc of No. 601 Squadron. Huy survived the encounter and spent the rest of World War II as a prisoner of war.[21][22] He was held in a POW camp near the Great Bitter Lake and released in March 1947.[23]
Huy died on 13 July 2003 in Gernsbach.[24][23]
According to Obermaier, Huy was credited with 40 aerial victories, including 37 on the Eastern Front, claimed in over 500 combat missions.[25] Mathews and Foreman, authors of Luftwaffe Aces — Biographies and Victory Claims, researched the German Federal Archives and found documentation for 35 aerial victory claims, plus three further unconfirmed claims. This number of confirmed claims includes 34 on the Eastern Front and one on the Western Front.[26]
Victory claims were logged to a map-reference (PQ = Planquadrat), for example "PQ 3629". The Luftwaffe grid map (Jägermeldenetz) covered all of Europe, western Russia and North Africa and was composed of rectangles measuring 15 minutes of latitude by 30 minutes of longitude, an area of about 360 square miles (930 km2). These sectors were then subdivided into 36 smaller units to give a location area 3 km × 4 km (1.9 mi × 2.5 mi) in size.[27]The 2005 ARFU Women's Sevens Championship was the sixth edition of the tournament. It was held in Singapore from 15 to 16 April 2005.[1][2]
Source:[1][2]
Source:[1][2]
Source:[1][2]WASP-41 is a G-type main-sequence star. Its surface temperature is 5450±150 K. WASP-41 is similar to the Sun in its concentration of heavy elements, with a metallicity Fe/H index of −0.080±0.090,[4] but is much younger at an age of 2.289±0.077 billion years.[6] The star does exhibit strong starspot activity, with spots covering 3% of the stellar surface.[5]
Multiplicity surveys did not detect any stellar companions as of 2017.[8]
In 2012, one planet, named WASP-41b, was discovered on a tight, circular orbit.[3] The transmission spectrum taken in 2017 was gray and featureless. No atmospheric constituents could be distinguished.[9] The planetary orbit of WASP-41b is slightly misaligned with the equatorial plane of the star, at a misalignment angle of 9.15+2.85−2.62°.[5] Planetary equilibrium temperature is 1242±12 K.[2]
Another planet, WASP-41c, was discovered in 2015.[10] The planets are too far apart to significantly affect each other's orbits.[11] The planetary equilibrium temperature of WASP-41c is 247±5 K.[10]
A Snake Falls to Earth is a 2021 speculative novel by Darcie Little Badger marketed to readers aged 12–18. It falls into the distinct genre of Indigenous Futurism, which includes narratives regarding "the process of 'returning to ourselves', which involves discovering how personally one is affected by colonization, discarding the emotional and psychological baggage carried from its impact, and recovering ancestral traditions in order to adapt in [a] post-Native Apocalypse world."[1]
The novel follows two characters: Nina, a Lipan Apache girl, and Oli, a cottonmouth kid who lives in the land of spirits and monsters. Although they initially have no knowledge of one another, events in their individual worlds brings them together. Throughout the novel, Little Badger incorporates the traditional Lipan Apache storytelling structure to craft a narrative filled with monsters, magic, and the importance of family.
A Snake Falls to Earth won the 2021 Andre Norton Award and the 2022 Ignyte Award for Best Young Adult Novel. It was also a Newbery Honor book and was longlisted for the National Book Award for Young People's Literature.
A Snake Falls to Earth follows the lives of Nina, a 16-year-old Lipan Apache girl, and Oli, a 15-year-old cottonmouth kid from the land of spirits and monsters, known as the Reflecting World. Because the human world and the Reflecting World have not interacted in centuries, the characters do not initially know about one another.
Nina is deeply entrenched in traditional stories and begins to learn more about the Reflecting World. Her grandmother inherited some healing powers from her Reflecting World ancestors, and her father, a bookstore owner, provides books to individuals from the Reflecting World who visit Earth in human form. Nina has also taken on the task of dictating and translating a Spanish and Lipan Apache oral story from her great-great-grandmother, who passes away, as well as trying to figure out why her grandmother becomes ill whenever she leaves the home.
In the Reflecting World, Oli is forced from his home and finds a space to live near the bottomless lake. There, he befriends two coyote sisters, Risk and Reign, as well as a frog named Ami. When Ami falls ill because his Earth-equivalent species is nearing extinction, Oli knows he must travel to Earth to find a cure.
When Nina and Oli eventually meet, they unite to "deal with a trickster mockingbird; an untrustworthy internet influencer; severe weather; and the threat of violent, cultish followers of a power-hungry 'King' ... who aims to be the only immortal left on Earth. They also use magic and learn why Nina's grandmother's health mysteriously declines whenever she leaves the family's land."[2]
The novel shifts perspective between Nina and Oli in alternating chapters. Throughout the novel, the reader receives "smaller, nesting narratives, off shoots from the main storyline, as frequently seen in oral story telling traditions when peripheral characters are given a little backstory too, as they pop in and out of the main plot lines."[3]
Key themes include "perceptions and understandings of space, time, identity, environmentalism, communication, and “the rightness of home.”[2]
A Snake Falls to Earth was generally well received by critics, including starred reviews from Booklist,[4] Kirkus Reviews,[5] and Publishers Weekly.[6]
Kirkus referred to the novel as "a coming-of-age story that beautifully combines tradition and technology for modern audiences,"[5] and Publishers Weekly called it "fun, imaginative, and deeply immersive."[6]
The Horn Book Magazine's Elissa Gall highlighted how "the characters’ worlds skillfully delineated and stories [are] masterfully woven together," further noting that "modern dialogue, which offers further depth to characterization, intermingles with elements of traditional storytelling and family history, creating an imaginative and multilayered work of speculative fiction."[2]
Booklist's Mahjabeen Syed also discussed how the dialogue and perspectives added to characterization, writing, "Nina's third-person perspective is beautifully ruminative compared to Oli's faster first-person point of view."[4] Syed also noted that "it's the writing on the whole that resonates most, singing like poetry with lyrical, literary wisdom."[4] They ultimately called A Snake Fall to Earth "magical, stunning, and wholly original."[4]
Writing for Locus, Alex Brown noted, "In a novel full of remarkable things, one of the most remarkable is the narrative itself," highlighting the ways Little Badger's writing reflects both traditional novel structures while also using Indigenous storytelling techniques.[1] Brown writes, "The way Little Badger jumped between Oli and Nina, between first and third person, between mainstream and traditional narratives, is really quite something. It should feel jarring and disjointed, but it doesn't. It flows seamlessly while also letting the structure act almost like a third main character."[1] They concluded by stating, "If Elatsoe was a ten out of ten, then A Snake Falls to Earth is a solid 11. This book could have been twice as long and I still would have begged for more. Although aimed at a young-adult audience, it has the kind of easy appeal and heartfelt tone that will entice younger kids and older adults as well."[1]
Tor.com reviewer  Mahvesh Murad wrote, "A Snake Falls to Earth is an undeniably charming story, with a variety of fully realised, relatable and fun characters, each with their own authentic voice. There is no pretension in the writing, no forced attempts at being on trend, and yet it is completely relevant" and reminds readers of "the power of stories, and community."[3]
School Library Journal also reviewed the novel.[7]
A Snake Falls to Earth was included on several "best of" lists. Chicago Public Library,[8] Kirkus Reviews,[5] Locus,[9] New York Public Library,[10] Publishers Weekly[11] named A Snake Falls to Earth one of the best books of 2021. Booklist included it on their 2022 list of the top ten books for tweens,[12] as well as the year's "Best Fiction for Young Adults" list.[13] Autostraddle included A Snake Falls to Earth on their list of the "Best Queer Books of 2021."[14]
A Snake Falls to Earth was also an Association for Library Service to Children Notable Children's Book of 2022.[15]
The St. Peter and Paul cathedral (short: Brandenburg Cathedral) is the largest medieval church in Brandenburg an der Havel, Brandenburg, Germany. Construction began in 1165 as a Romanesque Saalkirche. It was expanded several times to a three-aisled Brick Gothic basilica. The cathedral is commonly designated “the cradle of the Mark Brandenburg” for its historic significance. The patron saints are Peter and Paul.
The Brandenburg Cathedral is located on an island between the Beetzsee and the river Havel. The ensemble of cathedral, cloister, curia and side buildings still dominate the cathedral island city district of Brandenburg. Emperor Otto I founded the Diocese of Brandenburg here in 948 on top of an older Slavic fortress.[1] The original settlement was probably lost in the Slavic revolt of 983. The Diocese of Brandenburg was restored in 1161 as part of the successful eastward expansion of the Holy Roman Empire and the previous establishment of the Margraviate of Brandenburg by Albert the Bear in 1157.
The laying of the foundation stone for the initial Romanesque construction was documented in 1165. The building was planned as a single-nave, cross-shaped Romanesque Saalkirche made of brick. The plans were expanded to a three-aisled basilica with two west towers and an elevated choir. A crypt, open towards the main nave, was added under the choir. The double tower design was reduced to a single north tower and a stump of the south tower, likely due to lack of money or unstable soil. The western front is supported by attached buttresses on the outside. The Gothic expansion was completed around the middle of the 15th century.[2][1] It is the oldest pure brick building in the state of Brandenburg with a reliable construction date and is often referred to as “the cradle of the Mark Brandenburg”.[3]
Following the Reformation, the Catholic Diocese of Brandenburg lost the cathedral and it became Protestant. Today, the church parish belongs to the Evangelical Church in Berlin, Brandenburg and Silesian Upper Lusatia.[citation needed]
The interior is characterized by white walls with accented red bands along arches, windows and ribbed vaults. The main arches along the nave are rounded in the older Romanesque style whereas the ribbed vaults and windows are in later pointed Gothic style. The church is richly decorated with works of art from the Middle Ages to the 20th century.[1] There are several elaborate stone epitaphs for local clergymen and dukes. The wooden pulpit contains elaborate carvings with floral motifs and colored statues of Peter and Paul.
The triptych “Bohemian Altar” contains carved figures of a coronation of Mary and four saints in the center flanked by twelve saints each on a golden background. It can be dated to 1375 and is connected with the visit of Emperor Charles IV to Brandenburg, when he donated valuable relics to the cathedral.[4][5] The cathedral monastery archive is the oldest archive east of the river Elbe and contains the document with the first mention of the city of Berlin in 1244.[6][7]
The main church organ by local organ builder Joachim Wagner was installed in 1725. It has been preserved almost entirely in its original condition.[8]
52°24′55″N 12°34′03″E﻿ / ﻿52.41516°N 12.56740°E﻿ / 52.41516; 12.56740Chromium(IV) fluoride is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula CrF4. It has a dark greenish-black color when solid. It rapidly hydrolyzes in presence of moisture in air or directly in water.[3]
Powdered chromium or CrCl3 is exposed to fluorine gas at a temperature of 350-500 °C, which creates a mix of CrF4 and CrF5. The CrF4 settles out as varnish-like brown beads upon cooling.[2]
Chromium(IV) fluoride is easily reduced.[4]
It will react with water:

This inorganic compound–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Hilda Jesser (1894 – 1985) was an Austrian artist and designer.[1] Her work is held in the Smithsonian Design Museum and the Toledo Museum of Art.[2][3] She worked in ceramics, commercial graphics, glass, embroidery and metalwork.[3]
Jesser was born in 1894 in Marburg an der Drau. Her father was the chief superintendent of the Südbahn Railway Company. In 1912 she enrolled as a guest student at the Wiener Kunstgewerbeschule (Vienna's University of Applied Arts) and became a full student in 1914. She studied fabric and fashion design and practical skills in lace-making and embroidery.[4]
Jesser was a member of the Wiener Werkstätte, a group of artists based in Vienna, and produced works for the group from 1916 to 1922. She produced designs for ceramics and textiles (lace, embroidery and printed fabrics), interior decoration, glass, china, leather goods and industrial designs. Her ceramic pieces are characterized by a special emphasis was placed on the usability of the ceramics and a deliberate reduction in colour and décor.[4]
In 1922 Jesser was appointed assistant professor at the Wiener Kunstgewerbeschule, and in 1935 she became a full professor. In 1938 she was forced to retire by the National Socialists. In 1945, at the end of World War II, she resumed her position at the Kunstgewerbeschule.[4]
Jesser's work has been included in two group exhibitions: in 2021 in Women Artists Of The Wiener Werkstatte, held at the Museum of Applied Arts in Vienna and in 2022 in Regard! Art and Design by Women 1880–1940, held at Bröhan Museum in Berlin, Germany.[5]Spring Songs is an EP by American rock band Title Fight, released on November 12, 2013 through Revelation Records.[5] The EP's second track "Be a Toy" was premiered on August 12 through SPIN magazine,[6] with a music video following on November 20, directed by Susy Cereijo.
All tracks are written by Title Flight
Of the many themes and involvements of Beanie Babies produced by Ty, Inc., one of them has been professional sports. Beanies have been used both to represent and promote various sports.
In mid-2007, 22 NASCAR-themed beanies were introduced.[1] Some are now retired. These included Racing Gold (in varying colors) and:
At some Major League Baseball games, various beanies have been given away to some of the fans. At games that had Beanie Baby giveaways, attendance greatly increased.[2]
HERE IS A LIST OF BEANIE BABIES GIVEN AWAY (SGA) AT BASEBALL GAMES:
5/18/97	                   Chicago Cubs	            Cubbie the Bear
9/06/97	                   Chicago Cubs	            Cubbie the Bear
9/18/97	                   Chicago Cubs	            Cubbie the Bear
3/10/98	                   New York Yankees	    Bones the Dog
5/03/98	                   Chicago Cubs	            Daisy the Cow (Harry Caray)
5/17/98	                   New York Yankees	 Valentino the Bear
5/22/98	                   St. Louis Cardinals	 Stretch the Ostrich
5/31/98	                   Detroit Tigers	 Stripes the Tiger
5/31/98	                   Milwaukee Brewers	 Batty the Bat
5/31/98	Kansas City Royals	Roary the Lion
6/14/98	Arizona Diamondbacks	Hissy the Snake
7/07/98	Colorado Rockies	Glory the Bear
7/12/98	Chicago White Sox	Blizzard the Tiger
7/12/98	New York Mets	Batty the Bat
7/26/98	Tampa Bay Devil Rays	Weenie the Dachshund
7/31/98	Minnesota Twins	Lucky the Ladybug
8/04/98	Texas Rangers	Pugsly the Pug
8/09/98	New York Yankees	Stretch the Ostrich
8/14/98	St. Louis Cardinals	Mac the Cardinal
8/14/98	San Diego Padres	Waves the Whale
8/16/98	Houston Astros	Derby the Horse
8/16/98	Cincinnati Reds	Rover the Dog
8/19/98	Atlanta Braves	Chip the Cat
8/22/98	New York Mets	Curly the Bear
8/23/98	Tampa Bay Devil Rays	Pinky the Flamingo
8/30/98	San Francisco Giants	Tuffy the Dog
9/02/98	Atlanta Braves	Pugsly the Pug
9/05/98	Seattle Mariners	Chocolate the Moose
9/06/98	Oakland Athletics	Peanut the Elephant
9/06/98	Anaheim Athletics	Mel the Koala
9/06/98	Toronto Blue Jays	Rocket the Bluejay
9/08/98	Chicago Cubs	Blackie the Bear
9/13/98	Chicago Cubs	Gracie the Swan
9/14/98	St. Louis Cardinals	Smoochy the Frog
4/11/99	San Francisco Giants	Slippery the Seal
4/25/99	Chicago Cubs	Sammy the Bear
5/30/99	New York Mets	Valentina the Bear
6/12/99	Milwaukee Brewers	Early the Robin
6/18/99	Minnesota Twins	Hippie the Bunny
6/19/99 Cincinnati Reds Scorch the Dragon
7/03/99  Houston Astros    Goatee the Goat
7/11/99	Detroit Tigers	Kuku the Cockatoo
7/18/99	Houston Astros	Tiny the Chihuahua
8/05/99	Chicago Cubs	Erin the Bear
8/15/99	New York Yankees	Millennium the Bear
9/01/99	Oakland Athletics	Peace the Bear
9/05/99	Texas Rangers	Luke the Dog
9/06/99	Kansas City Royals	Fortune the Panda
9/26/99	Chicago Cubs	Millennium the Bear
9/10/00 Chicago Cubs    Aurora the Polar Bear
5/20/01	Chicago Cubs	Addison the Bear
5/04/03	Chicago Cubs	Dusty the Bear
Addison the bear was first introduced at a Cubs game on May 20, 2001, a game at which the Cubs beat the Diamondbacks 6-5. A total of 10,000 were given away to children 13 and under. It was not until after this game that addison was introduced to retailers.[3]
Kicks the bear, introduced early in 1999, was the first beanie to represent a sport. A Beanie Buddy version of Kicks was made in 2000.
Champion was a bear made in 2002 in 32 versions, representing 32 countries in the World Cup. The version for any particular country was retired on the day that country was eliminated from the World Cup tournament. The hand tag of each Champion bear provided information on that country's team. All versions were introduced on April 4, 2002. None have birthdays.Blumenfeld is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The University of Jammu informally known as Jammu University (JU), accredited as A++ grade by National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC),[3] was established in 1969 by an act of the state legislature which effectively split the Jammu and Kashmir University into the separate University of Jammu and University of Kashmir.
The university is currently located at the foothills of Trikuta on the banks of the Tawi River.[4] The university has set up seven off-site campuses at Bhaderwah, Kishtwar, Poonch, Reasi, Ramnagar, Kathua and Udhampur. The university is the first university in India to receive the ISO-9001 certification.[5] The university offers undergraduate, postgraduate and doctoral programs.[6] It also affiliates and recognizes colleges.
The main campus of Jammu University is situated at Baba Saheb Ambedkar Road in Jammu at an altitude of 1030 ft above sea level. The main campus of the university houses the teaching departments, health centre, guest house, post office, Jammu & Kashmir Bank, bookshop, hostels, cafeteria and canteens and many other facilities. The second campus of the university (the old campus) is spread over 10.5 acres which are located at a distance of 4 km from the main campus and currently has residential quarters for teaching and non-teaching employees and three hostels for boys.
The lieutenant governor of the J&K UT is the chancellor. The university has 36 departments and 157 affiliated colleges, awarding degrees in more than 50 programmes at the postgraduate and undergraduate levels.
The University of Jammu has 11 faculties and 36 academic departments which offer courses in a wide variety of subjects and concentrations.[7]


The university was ranked 50th among Indian universities by the NIRF (National Institutional Ranking Framework) in 2024 and 87th overall.[13]
The Dhanvantri Library, the central library of the university, is a 4-storied building having an area of 60,000 square feet. It offers about 5 lakh books, journals, and 276 current periodicals, etc. on a variety of subjects that caters to the needs of the students, teachers, and researchers. The library has large reading halls which can easily accommodate about 500 users. Most of the library has been computerized. A special technology, RIFD technology, is used for security purposes in the library.[14]
Almost all departments run their own departmental libraries. These libraries provide a wide spectrum of Journals in addition to books to the students. The collections present in departmental libraries are catalogued and accessioned by the Dhanvantri Library.[15]
A first-aid centre was initially established in the premises of the boys' hostels of the university managed by a part-time medical assistant. Later, the first aid centre was upgraded to a full-fledged health centre in the early 170s to provide medical aid benefits to the university community and the dependents of the university employees.
The Dogri Sanstha and KVM TRUST are getting a huge auditorium built at Dogri Bhawan, Karan Nagar, Jammu. The Kunwar Viyogi Auditorium will be a hub of art and culture, a centre for the confluence of poets, artists, writers, art connoisseurs, patrons and for youth. Dogri Sanstha in collaboration with The Dogri Department is working to preserve and promote the language and culture of Duggars. The Auditorium was being inaugurated by Dr Jitendra Singh Hon’ble Union Minister Of State on 15 September 2019.
Rehan Katrawale
Abhishek Singh Rajput, better known as Rehan Katrawale (born 19 January 2001) is an Indian Actor, Writer and Poet from Katra, Jammu and Kashmir. Known for his contribution in the world of cinema, Rehan also holds an Honours Degree in Psychology from University of Jammu. Rehan Katrawale worked in a number of films and short films like Death Slayer 2, Paradox, Godfather, SpyUniverse and many more.[20]
Mohit Raina
Mohit Raina is an Indian Actor known for portraying the role of Mahadev in Devo ke Dev Mahadev. In addition to this he had worked in a number or bollywood films. He was born in Jammu and Kashmir and studied under University of Jammu.[21]
32°43′07″N 74°52′09″E﻿ / ﻿32.7186°N 74.8692°E﻿ / 32.7186; 74.8692Małoszki [maˈwɔʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzykosy, within Środa Wielkopolska County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1]

This Środa County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Grant Rice (born 14 May 1968) is an Australian former cyclist. He competed in two events at the 1992 Summer Olympics.[1]

This biographical article relating to Australian cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Umar Magomednabiyevich Nurmagomedov (Russian: Умар Магомеднабиевич Нурмагомедов; born January 3, 1996) is a Russian professional mixed martial artist. He currently competes in the Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC). Nurmagomedov has previously competed in the Eagle Fighting Championship (EFC) and Professional Fighters League (PFL). He is the older brother of Bellator champion Usman Nurmagomedov[8] and a cousin of undefeated former UFC Lightweight Champion Khabib Nurmagomedov.[9] As of January 21, 2025, he is #3 in the UFC bantamweight rankings.[10]
Nurmagomedov was born in Kizilyurt, Dagestan, Russia on January 3, 1996.
As a child, living in his native village, with his brother Usman Nurmagomedov, he began to attend freestyle wrestling practice. Later, Umar began practicing Thai boxing, and his brother followed suit.[11]
After moving to Makhachkala, Umar began training with his uncle, Abdulmanap Nurmagomedov at the Eagles MMA camp. He is of Avar ethnic origin.[11]
At the age of 19, Umar became a combat sambo world champion, winning the -62 kg division at the WCSF World Championships.[12][13] The following year, he won the bantamweight division in amateur mixed martial arts at the WMMAA World Championship.[7]
He made his debut in Moscow as part of the Fight Nights Global 57 on December 16, 2016, against Rishat Kharisov. Umar won via second round guillotine choke. In his sophomore performance, Umar fought Ulukbek Amanbaev at Fight Star: Battle on Sura 6 on January 5, 2017, winning inside the first round by the way of rear-naked choke. Returning to Fight Nights Global for his next 4 bouts; Umar defeated Alym Isabaev at Fight Nights Global 62 by TKO stoppage in the second round, Valisher Rakhmonov by second round rear-naked choke at Fight Nights Global 71, Nauruz Dzamikhov by unanimous decision at Fight Nights Global 76 and finally Shyudi Yamauchi by unanimous decision at Fight Nights Global 83. Moving over to Samara MMA Federation (now known as Eagle FC), on May 11, 2018, Umar won the FMMAS Bantamweight Championship against Fatkhidin Sobirov at Samara at the Battle on Volga 4, winning the title and the bout by unanimous decision.[14]
On August 30, 2018, Nurmagomedov fought at PFL 7 against future UFC fighter Saidyokub Kakhramonov, winning the bout by unanimous decision.[15]
Returning to Samara MMA Federation, Umar defended his title at Battle on the Volga 10 on April 14, 2019, where he defeated Brazilian Wagner Lima by unanimous decision. With his title once again on the line (with Samara MMA Federation changing its name to Gorilla Fighting Championship), Umar defeated Taras Gryckiv at GFC 14 on July 13, 2019, by rear-naked choke in the first round.[14]
Umar made his return to PFL, competing at PFL 6 on August 8, 2019, where Umar defeated Sidemar Honorio by unanimous decision.[16][17]
On November 23, 2019, in the capital of Uzbekistan, Tashkent, Umar defended his title against Argentine fighter Brian Gonzalez, defeating his opponent via rear-naked choke at the end of the first round.[14][18]
Nurmagomedov was scheduled to face Hunter Azure on April 18, 2020, at UFC 249.[19] However, the event was then postponed.[20]
Nurmagomedov was scheduled to face Nathaniel Wood on 26 July 2020 at UFC on ESPN 14.[21] However, Nurmagomedov withdrew from the bout due to his uncle Abdulmanap Nurmagomedov's passing.[22]
Nurmagomedov was initially scheduled to face Sergey Morozov on October 24, 2020, at UFC 254, but Nurmagomedov pulled out due to an illness.[23] The pairing was then rescheduled for UFC 257 on January 24, 2021.[24] However, the bout was yet again rescheduled the second time on January 20, 2021, at UFC on ESPN: Chiesa vs. Magny.[25] Nurmagomedov won the bout via a rear-naked choke in the second round.[26] This bout earned him the Performance of the Night bonus.[27]
Nurmagomedov faced Brian Kelleher on March 5, 2022, at UFC 272.[28] He won the fight via a rear naked choke in round one.[29]
Nurmagomedov was scheduled to face Jack Shore on March 19, 2022, at UFC Fight Night: Volkov vs. Aspinall.[30] However, Nurmagomedov was removed from the bout for unknown reason and he was replaced by Timur Valiev.[31]
Nurmagomedov faced Nate Maness on June 25, 2022, at UFC Fight Night: Tsarukyan vs. Gamrot.[32] He won via unanimous decision.[33]
Nurmagomedov faced Raoni Barcelos on January 14, 2023, at UFC Fight Night: Strickland vs. Imavov.[34] He won the fight via knockout in the first round.[35] This win earned him the Performance of the Night bonus.[36]
Nurmagomedov was scheduled to face Cory Sandhagen on August 5, 2023, at UFC on ESPN: Sandhagen vs. Font.[37] However, Nurmagomedov withdrew from the event mid-July due to shoulder injury,[38] and was replaced by Rob Font.[39]
Nurmagomedov faced promotional newcomer Bekzat Almakhan on March 2, 2024, at UFC Fight Night 238.[40] After being clipped early in the first round, Nurmagomedov took over and dominated the majority of the bout on the ground with strikes leading to a victory by unanimous decision.[41]
Nurmagomedov faced Cory Sandhagen on August 3, 2024, at UFC on ABC 7 in a bantamweight title eliminator.[42][43] He won the fight by unanimous decision.[44]
Nurmagomedov was scheduled to face Song Yadong in the main event on December 14, 2024 at UFC on ESPN 63.[45] However, the bout was scrapped due to Yadong's injury.[46]
Nurmagomedov faced champion Merab Dvalishvili for the UFC Bantamweight Championship on January 18, 2025 at UFC 311.[47] He lost the fight by unanimous decision, marking his first loss in MMA.[48] This fight earned him his first Fight of the Night award.[49]
Nurmagomedov was scheduled to compete against former two-time Bellator Bantamweight World Champion Eduardo Dantas in a no-gi featherweight grappling match on October 25, 2024 in the main event at ADXC 6 but the bout was cancelled.[50]
[54]

Jhon Jairo Espinoza Izquierdo (born 24 February 1999) is an Ecuadorian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Turkish Süper Lig club Kasımpaşa and the Ecuador national team.
Born in Guayaquil, Espinoza began his career with Liga Pro club Cuenca, where he made his debut on 12 December 2017.[3] A few games into the 2018 season, Espinoza moved to Aucas.[3] He made his debut for the club on 30 July 2018 against Independiente Valle, starting in a 1–0 victory.[4]
On 18 February 2020, Espinoza scored his first goal for Aucas in a 2–1 victory over Vélez Sarsfield in the Copa Sudamericana.[5]
On 23 November 2020, Espinoza joined American Major League Soccer club Chicago Fire.[3] He made his debut for the club on 24 June 2021 against Atlanta United, coming on as a late substitute in the 3–1 victory.[6] On 27 December 2022, it was announced that Espinoza and Chicago had mutually agreed to terminate his deal immediately, and that he would join Swiss Super League side Lugano on 1 January 2023.[7]
On 27 December 2022, Espinoza signed a 1.5-year contract with Lugano in Switzerland.[8]
On 3 September 2024, Espinoza joined Kasımpaşa in Turkey.[9]
Espinoza captained the Ecuadorian under-20 team at the 2019 FIFA U-20 World Cup,[10] and scored the winning goal in a 2–1 win over the United States in the quarter-finals.[11]
Espinoza made his senior debut in 2019. In a match against Argentina on 13 October 2019 Espinoza unfortunately scored an own goal in a 6–1 loss.[12]
4, See below.
Ethusidae is one of two extant families of crabs in the superfamily Dorippoidea. It contains four genera. Members of this family are found in marine environments at depths from 16m to 4,192m.[2]

This Eubrachyura article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Opus Place is an under construction development in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. Located in Midtown Atlanta, the development is currently expected to consist of a large residential high-rise, called No. 2 Opus Place, and possibly a smaller tower. Upon its completion, No. 2 Opus Place would be among the tallest buildings in Atlanta and the tallest residential building in the city. The project was first developed in 2014, but underwent a significant alteration in 2016.
In February 2014, a group of New York City-based developers proposed a large construction project in Midtown Atlanta that would consist of three skyscrapers across from the Four Seasons Hotel Atlanta, on what had formerly been the site for the proposed Atlanta Symphony Center.[1] An attorney for the developers said Bernardo Fort Brescia and his architectural firm Arquitectonica would serve as designers for the project,[1] which would include 1,300 residential units, 90,000 square feet (8,400 m2) of retail space, and over 300 hotel rooms.[2] In May 2014, the 4-acre (1.6-hectare) site was purchased from the Woodruff Arts Center for a reported $22 million.[2] At this time, the project was known as 98 14th Street,[3] and it was expected to be constructed in phases and completed by 2020.[1][2] The tallest of the three skyscrapers would be 720 feet (220 m), just 3 feet (0.91 m) shorter than the Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel, making it the sixth-tallest building in the city.[2]
In July 2016, Olympia Heights Management (OHM, which had been one of the original developers for the project)[1] and architectural firm Perkins and Will presented radically altered plans for the site. As now envisioned, the project would consist of two skyscrapers, the larger of which would be 920 feet (280 m), making it the second-tallest skyscraper in the city.[4] The first phase would see the creation of this taller skyscraper, with an expected completion some time in 2019.[5] The developers at this time announced that construction would begin by the end of the year.[6] In October 2016, permits were filed for construction to begin at the site,[7] with construction costs for the first tower estimated at over $300 million.[8] The next month, the project was renamed Opus Place,[9] with the first tower called No. 2 Opus Place.[10] In early 2017, the overall height of the tower was reduced from 74 to 53 stories after a hotel pulled out of the project. Even with the height reduction, the building would still have been the tallest residential building in the city,[10] topping out at 730 feet (220 m).[11] In March 2017, developers announced that construction would start in October that year, with architect Richard Meier creating the building's master plan.[10] Prices for residences in the building were announced at being between $700,000 and $12 million,[12] with prices averaging around $1.6 million.[13] While initially scheduled for October,[14] the development held its official groundbreaking ceremony on December 14, 2017.[15] By April 2018, the building had sold nearly 20% of its available residences.[16]
In May 2018, developers projected that, following grading and excavation at the site, construction of the tower itself would "start full force" by September or October of that year, with completion by mid-2020.[17] However, by October, construction was projected to start in early 2019, with completion in early 2021.[18] That same month, developers announced a change in plans that would see 214,000 square feet (19,900 m2) of office space occupying the bottom 17 floors of the building.[18][19] In August 2019, developers again altered the construction schedule, claiming that construction would commence in November of that year, top out in January 2022, and open that October.[20] In January 2020, OHM announced that they would be selling about 2.2 acres (0.89 hectares) of the land surrounding No. 2 Opus Place with the real estate firm Cushman & Wakefield, leading to further questions regarding the future of the project.[21][22][23]
It was announced in October 2023 that Newport, the real estate developers behind the Opus Place development, had been foreclosed upon by its lender, BridgeInvest.[24] A month later in November, the property was sold at auction to an undisclosed buyer.[25]
As of July 2024, the sales gallery stands, but no development has occurred. The fate of the land is unclear.
Georg Haas (19 January 1905, Vienna, Austria – 13 September 1981 Jerusalem, Israel) was an Austrian-born Israeli herpetologist, malacologist and paleontologist, one of the founders of zoological research in Israel. Haas studied zoology in the University of Vienna. In 1932 he joined the Hebrew University staff and during the next four decades influenced several generations of young Israeli scientists.
Haas was regarded as a pioneer in zoological research in Israel and one of the country’s leading experts in the fields of biology, cytology, histology, comparative anatomy, zoogeography and the evolution of chordates and other groups of invertebrates. Haas, who had a broad classic education, was also an expert on Greek literature and history and the Roman period.[1]
Georg Haas is commemorated in the scientific names of two species of lizards, Acanthodactylus haasi and Sphenomorphus haasi,[2] and the Cretaceous legged basal snake Haasiophis.

This biographical article about an Israeli academic is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.A calendar house is a house that symbolically contains architectural elements in quantities that represent the respective numbers of days in a year, weeks in a year, months in a year and days in a week.[1] For example, Avon Tyrrell House in Hampshire  was built with 365 windows, 52 rooms, 12 chimneys, 7 external doors, and 4 wings (representing the seasons).[2] This style was developed during the Elizabethan era[1] and was also prevalent during the Victorian period.[3]
Examples of the calendar house are very rare and are most often found in European buildings of the late 16th and early 17th centuries.
Notable examples in Great Britain include Cairness House in Aberdeenshire and Holme Eden Hall[4] in Cumbria. Knole House in Kent has often been said to be a calendar house[5] although as this is a medieval house that grew organically over centuries there has never been any evidence to suggest that it is a calendar house. United Kingdom's National Trust stated that Knole is a large and rambling estate and that it is impossible to determine the exact number of rooms and other architectural features.[6]
Bedstone Court, now the home of Bedstone College, is a flamboyant black-and-white mansion, built between 1882 and 1884, designed by Thomas Harris for Henry Ripley, MP and is a calendar house reputed to have 365 windows, 52 rooms (on the first two floors) 12 chimneys and seven external doors. The central hall has a magnificent 52 panelled stained-glass window depicting the months of the year, signs of the zodiac, birds associated with the month and the agricultural activity of the month. The building was heavily damaged by a fire in 1996 but was fully restored.
Adare Manor in County Limerick, Ireland is an example of a calendar house, having 365 stained-glass windows and 52 chimneys.[7] It was designed by the architects James Pain and Philip Hardwick. Much of the interior was designed by E.W. Pugin. There is also Balfour Castle in Scotland, which was constructed in the mid-19th century. It has seven turrets, twelve exterior doors, 52 rooms, and 365 window panes.[3]
Abbey Cwmhir Hall in mid Wales is a notable example of Victorian Gothic Revival architecture, with 52 rooms and 365 windows. Built in 1834 by Thomas Wilson, in the 21st century it is owned by Paul and Victoria Humpherston. It has notable collections and embodies interesting interior design ideas. All 52 rooms are accessible on tours, and everything can be touched.
The architectural programme of Schloss Eggenberg in Graz, Austria is based on strict number symbolism.[8] The calendar theme was extremely topical: Schloss Eggenberg was built during the period of the great calendar dispute, which had started at the beginning of the Gregorian calendar reform in 1582 and not yet come to an end. The architecture of the palace is an expression of the values of the time. There are 365 outside windows, which correspond to the days of the year. Each floor consists of 31 rooms, which correspond to the days of the longest months. The 24 hours of the day correspond to the circle of 24 state rooms, 12 on each side of the symmetrical axis, which separates the palace into two corresponding halves, 12 hours for the day and 12 hours for the night. The 24 rooms have a total of 52 windows for the weeks or the amount of Sundays in the year. Adding the 8 windows in the Planetary Room, gives the number 60 which stands for the number of seconds or minutes. There are even 52 doors in the Bel Étage. In the Planetary Room itself, there are the 7 days of the week and the 12 months of the year. And even the park wall has 12 doors opening towards the outside, seven of which face towards the city.[9]
Grad Castle in the north-western Goričko region of Slovenia, with its 365 rooms, is a Central European example of a calendar house.
The large country estate Mona Vale in Tasmania, Australia, built in the 1880s, had 365 windows, 52 rooms, 12 chimneys, and 7 entrances, and is known as the Calendar House.[10]
A possible Mesoamerican example is El Castillo, Chichen Itza, which is a Mesoamerican step pyramid with 91 steps on each of its four sides. Taking these steps, and adding the temple platform on top as the final "step", produces a total of 365 steps.[11]
The Grand Hotel in Scarborough, England, was designed around a year motif with 4 towers representing the seasons, 12 floors representing the months, 52 chimneys representing the weeks, and 365 bedrooms representing the days.[12] A more modern example is the Millennium Dome (now The O2) in London, where the dome is 365 m in diameter, 52 m high, and has 12 support towers (representing either the hours on a clock face, months of the year, or the signs of the zodiac).[13]The 2022 Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne was the 74th edition of the Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne cycling classic. It was held on 27 February 2022 as a category 1.Pro race on the 2022 UCI ProSeries.[1] The race was 195.1 km (121.2 mi) long, starting and finishing in Kuurne, and featured several cobbled sections and climbs. The race formed the latter half of the opening weekend of the Belgian road cycling season with UCI WorldTour race Omloop Het Nieuwsblad held the previous day.
Seventeen of the eighteen UCI WorldTeams along with eight UCI ProTeams formed the twenty-five teams that participated in the race. 136 riders finished the race.[2]
UCI WorldTeams
UCI ProTeams
This cycling race article related to Belgian cycling is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Thomas Charnock (1524/1526–1581) was an English alchemist and who devoted his life to the quest for the Philosopher's Stone.[1] His unpublished notebooks are useful, not just for an understanding of Elizabethan attitudes towards alchemy in general, but for the insight they give to Charnock's life and thoughts.
Charnock was born in Faversham, Kent in c.1524.[1] A native of the Isle of Thanet, Charnock spent most of his life in Combwich, a small village on the Steart Peninsula, near Bridgwater in the west of England.  Charnock's uncle, also called Thomas Charnock, had been an alchemist, as well as the confessor to Henry VII and his interest in the subject appears to have been stimulated when he inherited his uncle's alchemical library while in his teens.[2]
Charnock began searching for alchemical secrets throughout England in his early twenties.[3] He eventually found two masters who instructed him in the art: 'Master I.S.', a priest from Salisbury; and the former abbot of Bath.[4] His work was tiresome and demanding, requiring him, amongst other things, to keep a fire burning at a constant temperature. He was also pursued by constant bad luck: on New Year's Day 1555, Charnock's tabernacle caught fire and destroyed his progress; inept servants continually spoiled his renewed efforts by mismanaging the fire heating his alchemical vessels; and two years later in 1557 he was conscripted when England went to war with France and the local Justice of the Peace (who seems to have been a personal enemy) made sure that Thomas was forced into military service.[4] In frustration at being conscripted, Charnock smashed his vessels.
Troubled by his continual bad luck, and ostracised by his neighbours who were fearful of his experiments, Charnock vainly asked Elizabeth I to allow him to carry on his experiments in the Tower of London, or another "solitary place."[2] He pledged to give Elizabeth the wealth and health of the philosophers' stone within fourteen years if she would subsidise his costs, promising that he made this offer "uppon payne off losing my hedd."[2]
Charnock married Agnes Norden in 1562 at Stockland-Bristol, near Bridgewater, Somersetshire.[5] They had at least two children: Absolon who was buried in Stockland in 1563, and Bridget who married in Stockland in 1587.
Charnock died in April 1581 at Combwich. He was buried in Otterhampton Church, near Bridgwater.[5] After his death, it was reported that no-one would live in his former cottage, which was "troublesome and haunted by spirits and that its owner had a reputation as a troublesome person and a conjurer."[6]
The following works attributed to Charnock were printed in Elias Ashmole's Theatrum Chemicum Britannicum
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Clerke, Agnes Mary (1887). "Charnock, Thomas". In Stephen, Leslie (ed.). Dictionary of National Biography. Vol. 10. London: Smith, Elder & Co.
Lee William Probert (born 13 August 1972)[2][3] is a former English professional football referee who officiated primarily in the Premier League. He was born in Aylesbury but is now based in Dubai and is the Referees Director for the UAE Football Association.
He refereed in the Premier League, the top level in the English football league pyramid, since his promotion to the panel of Select Group Referees in 2007. In 2010, he officiated the FA Trophy final at Wembley Stadium and in 2014 he took charge of the FA Cup final, the highest refereeing honour in England.
Probert began refereeing in 1986, in leagues local to Isle of Wight and later in the Football Conference South. He was promoted to the assistant referees' list for the Football League in 1998, and made the step up to full referee five years later.[3]
He refereed his first FA Cup match on 17 November 2001, taking charge of a first-round tie between Dagenham & Redbridge and Southport, which was settled for the home side by a first-half penalty kick.[4]
His first match after elevation to the Football League national list of referees was a League Two encounter in August 2003 between Northampton Town and Torquay United.[5]
In May 2007, Probert refereed a League One play-off semi-final second-leg which saw Blackpool defeat Oldham Athletic 3–1.[6]
In July 2007 a press release from the Professional Game Match Officials Board, which employs Premier League referees full-time, stated that Probert had been included in the Select Group of 19 referees for the 2007–08 season.[7] Prior to this, he had been trialled in the top-tier during the previous season, being appointed a fixture between Sheffield United and Portsmouth in January 2007 which ended in a 1–1 draw.[8]
Probert, as fourth official, and the referee, Mike Dean, were censured after Arsène Wenger was sent to the stands for his reaction, including kicking a plastic bottle, to the ruling-out of an Arsenal goal for offside.[9] The Premier League subsequently issued an apology to Wenger.[10]
In May 2010 Probert was the referee for the FA Trophy final at Wembley Stadium between Barrow and Stevenage Borough.
He was appointed fourth official for the 2011 FA Cup Final between Manchester City and Stoke City.
In May 2014, Probert refereed the FA Cup final at Wembley Stadium between Arsenal and Hull City. Arsenal came back from 2–0 down to win the match 3–2 in extra-time.[11]
Probert missed the whole of the 2015/16 season due to injury. He returned to refereeing in August 2016 but despite remaining a member of the Select Group of Referees he did not take charge of a Premier League fixture until 1 April, 2017, when Watford v Sunderland became his first top flight appointment in almost two years.
In January 2019, Probert refereed a match between Sunderland and Luton Town, awarding a contentious penalty and issuing two red cards, one of which was later overturned on appeal.[12]
In September 2019, Probert announced his retirement from refereeing due to a persistent back injury.[13]
On July 1, 2021, Probert was named Director of Referees at the United Arab Emirates Football Association based in Dubai.Zuidhorn (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈzœytɦɔr(ə)n] ⓘ; abbreviation: Zh) is a railway station located in Zuidhorn in the Netherlands. The station was opened on 1 June 1866[1] and is located on the Harlingen–Nieuweschans railway between Leeuwarden and Groningen. The train service is operated by Arriva.
This article about a Dutch railway station is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Flyin Creek is a tributary of Walkout Creek and part of the Stikine River watershed in northwest part of the province of British Columbia, Canada.[1][7] It flows generally northwest for roughly 7.7 km (4.8 mi)[5] to join Walkout Creek, which flows into Raspberry Creek, then Mess Creek, which flows into the Stikine River about 3 km (1.9 mi) downriver from the community of Telegraph Creek. Flyin Creek's watershed covers 16.3 km2 (6.3 sq mi),[6] and is entirely in Mount Edziza Provincial Park. The creek's mean annual discharge is estimated at 0.423 m3/s (14.9 cu ft/s).[6] The mouth of Flyin Creek is located about 45 km (28 mi) south of Telegraph Creek, British Columbia, about 110 km (68 mi) southeast of Dease Lake, British Columbia, and about 230 km (140 mi) southeast of Juneau, Alaska. Flyin Creek's watershed's land cover is classified as 40.3% barren, 24,2% shrubland, 19.7% conifer forest, 13.8% herbaceous, and small amounts of other cover.[6]
Flyin Creek is in Mount Edziza Provincial Park, which lies within the traditional territory of the Tahltan First Nation, of the Tahltan people.[8][9]
Flyin Creek originates a few kilometres north of Raspberry Pass on the slopes of Cache Hill,[10] about 20 km (12 mi) south of Mount Edziza.
The creek flows generally northwest through a steep valley. The upper valley is barren, the lower part is mostly  conifer forest. After about 7.7 km (4.8 mi)[5] Flyin Creek joins Walkout Creek, which flows about 2.3 km (1.4 mi) to Raspberry Creek, which in turn joins Mess Creek. Mess Creek flows north for over 100 km (62 mi) to empty into the Stikine River near the community of Telegraph Creek.[2][11]
The name Flyin Creek comes from local anecdote about an incident in 1954. A well-known bush pilot from Atlin, Herman Peterson, mistook the creek's drainage for Raspberry Pass and flew in under a low overcast. Unable to turn out of the narrow valley he crashed and made his way back to Telegraph Creek on foot.[1]
Pseudolycaena is a genus of hairstreaks in the butterfly family Lycaenidae. There are at two described species in Pseudolycaena found in Mexico, Central America, and South America, according to research published in 2019.[1][2]
These species belong to the genus Pseudolycaena:[1][2]
From one to five species have been classified in this genus in the past,[3] but phylogenetic analyses published in 2019 could not confirm the validity of more than two species, and excluded Pseudolycaena cybele, Pseudolycaena dorcas, and Pseudolycaena nellyae.[2][4][5]

This Eumaeini-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Stan Shaw Show was an American daytime television series which aired from 1948 to 1949 on DuMont Television Network flagship station WABD. It also appears in a Pittsburgh TV listing, suggesting it may have been shown on a network level.[1]
Billboard called it a "static presentation of pop tunes" and felt it needed better direction.[2] Billboard gave a very mixed review of WABD's daytime schedule, though the November 10, 1948, edition of Variety commented that the schedule was no more monotonous than "the steady diet of disk jockeys and/or soap operas fed daytime radio listeners". DuMont expected that the shows would be viewed by housewives who were too busy to watch complex shows (as noted in the 2004 book The Forgotten Network by David Weinstein). Despite the mixed reviews, the schedule proved successful enough that other New York City stations began to increase their daytime offerings in response.
None of the episodes are known to survive.Zhu Muzhi (Chinese: 朱穆之; pinyin: Zhū Mùzhī; 25 December 1916 – 23 October 2015) was a Chinese politician. Zhu was a member of the 10th, 11th and 12th Central Committees of the Chinese Communist Party.[1] Zhu served as president of the Xinhua News Agency, deputy head of the Propaganda Department of the Chinese Communist Party, Minister of Culture, and chairman of the State Council Information Office.[2][3][4]
Zhu was born in Jiangyin, Jiangsu Province, China in December 1916. He graduated from Peking University in 1937, where he majored in foreign language.
After graduation, Zhu worked in Nanjing as an editor for Jinling Daily (金陵日报). Zhu joined the Chinese Communist Party in April 1938. From 1941 to 1943, Zhu worked in the Taihang Mountain.
From 1946 to 1964, Zhu worked in Xinhua News Agency as an editor. In 1966, the Cultural Revolution was launched by Mao Zedong, Zhu was arrested and suffered political persecution.
In September 1972, Zhu worked as the secretary of Xinhua News Agency. From December 1977 to April 1982, Zhu served as a deputy head of the Propaganda Department of the Chinese Communist Party. From April 1982 to March 1986, Zhu served as Minister of Culture of the People'e Republic of China. From April 1991 to December 1992, Zhu served as director of the State Council Information Office. In July 1993, he served as the newly founded China Society For Human Rights Studies, a position he held for almost fourteen years until May 2007.[5] He retired in March 2004.
He died of illness in Beijing, on October 23, 2015, aged 98.[6]
In criminal law, the term offence against the person or crime against the person usually refers to a crime which is committed by direct physical harm or force being applied to another person.
They are usually analysed by division into the following categories:
They can be further analysed by division into:
And it is then possible to consider degrees and aggravations, and distinguish between intentional actions (e.g., assault) and criminal negligence (e.g., criminal endangerment).
Offences against the person are usually taken to comprise:
These crimes are usually grouped together in common law countries as a legacy of the Offences against the Person Act 1861.
Although most sexual offences will also be offences against the person,[3] for various reasons (including sentencing and registration of offenders) sexual crimes are usually categorised separately.  Similarly, although many homicides also involve an offence against the person, they are usually categorised under the more serious category.
In section 2(2) of the Law Reform (Year and a Day Rule) Act 1996, "fatal offence" means:
For offences of aggravated assault, see Assault#England and Wales
The expression "offence against the person" is used as a term of art in section 3 of the Visiting Forces Act 1952 (15 & 16 Geo.6 & 1 Eliz.2 c.67) and is defined for that purpose by paragraphs 1 (England and Wales and Northern Ireland) and 2 (Scotland) of the Schedule to that Act.
In the application of section 3 of the 1952 Act to England and Wales and Northern Ireland it means any of the following offences:
It formerly included in particular:
In the application of section 3 of the 1952 Act to Scotland, the expression "offence against the person" means any of the following offences:
Most federal crimes in the United States are contained within Title 18 of the United States Code. While the code is divided into multiple parts and multiple chapters, there is no part or chapter titled "crimes against the person," or anything similar thereto.[14] Although there is an absence of a chapter or part with the aforementioned name, the code still does contain provisions for crimes such as murder, rape, and assault, among others, all crimes which are typically considered to be a crime against the person.
Offences against the person in American Samoan law are contained in Chapter 35 of Title 46 of the annotated code, with the chapter carrying the title "Offenses Against the Person."[15]
Crimes against the person in California law are contained within Title 8 of Part 1 of the California Penal Code, with Title 8 carrying the title "OF CRIMES AGAINST THE PERSON." This title includes sections 187 through 248 inclusive of the Penal Code.[16]This article is pending listification and draftification following consensus at the village pump. To prevent this, please add sources which plausibly demonstrate that the article meets the general notability guideline; once done, do not remove the tag, as this may not prevent draftification; instead, please leave a note on the preparation talk page. If you believe the article already contains such sources and inclusion is erroneous, please follow the same process.
For more details, see Template:Special draft pending.

Ankit Dabas (born 14 November 1992) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Jharkhand.[1] He made his List A debut on 10 December 2015 in the 2015–16 Vijay Hazare Trophy.[2] He made his Twenty20 debut on 3 January 2016 in the 2015–16 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.[3]

This biographical article related to an Indian cricket player born in 1992 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.This article lists the confirmed squads for the 1998 Women's Hockey World Cup held in Utrecht, Netherlands from May 20 and May 31, 1998.
The squad was announced on 14 April 1998.[1]32°59′N 129°05′E﻿ / ﻿32.983°N 129.083°E﻿ / 32.983; 129.083
Nakadōri Island (中通島, Nakadōri-jima) is an island in the Gotō Islands, Japanese islands in the sea of Japan, off the western coast of Kyūshū. The islands are a part of Nagasaki Prefecture in Japan.[1]
Evidence of human settlement in the on Nakadōri Island trace back to the Jōmon period. In the Heian period, the island were used as port of calls during Japanese missions to Tang China.[2]
In August 2004, the towns of Kamigotō, Shin-Uonome, Arikawa, Narao, Wakamatsu merged into a new town named Shin-Kamigotō.[2]
In 2017, the island enjoyed a minor boost in tourism after Japanese idol Neru Nagahama, who grew up in Narao, released a photobook which features parts of the island.[3]

This Nagasaki Prefecture location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The list of closed railway stations in Great Britain includes the following: Year of closure is given if known. Stations reopened as heritage railways continue to be included in this list and some have been linked. Some stations have been reopened to passenger traffic. Some lines remain in use for freight and mineral traffic.Elly Lieber (7 October 1932 in Aussee – 1 August 2020 in Bad Aussee) was an Austrian luger who competed in the late 1950s. She won the gold medal in the women's singles event at the 1959 FIL World Luge Championships in Villard-de-Lans, France.
Lieber also won a gold medal in the women's singles event at the 1956 European luge championships in Imst, Austria.

This biographical article relating to Austrian luge is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
STV Rugby was a Scottish regional television programme featuring highlights of Pro12 rugby union matches involving Edinburgh Rugby and Glasgow Warriors. The programme, produced by the STV News department in Glasgow, was first broadcast in the 2009-10 season after a deal with the Celtic League Association, Scottish Rugby and STV was reached, following the closure of Setanta Sports in the UK.
Magners League rugby returned to STV for the 2010-11 season, under the new name of Sports Centre: Rugby. The STV Rugby brand returned for the 2011-12 season, after Sports Centre was axed. The 2012/2013 season was the last to be covered by STV Rugby.
The hour-long highlights programme was broadcast on Sunday afternoons during the Celtic League season and was available online on the STV Player after transmission. In addition to match highlights on Sundays, STV broadcast live coverage of the 1872 Cup games between Edinburgh Rugby and Glasgow Warriors during the Christmas and New Year period.
STV Rugby's first series was presented by former Scotland captain Andy Nicol with ex-Scottish & British Lions centre Scott Hastings and a studio guest every week. Outside broadcast coverage and commentary of games involving Welsh and Irish teams was provided by BBC Wales and Setanta Sports Ireland.
The 2011-12 series, presented by Eilidh Barbour, was broadcast on Sunday nights after the late ITV News bulletin, featuring highlights from the weekend's Pro12 games.

Ophiomycetidae Verrill, 1899
Ophiohelidae is a family of echinoderms belonging to the order Ophioscolecida.[1]
Genera:[1]

This Ophiuroidea-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Alexander Keith McClung (June 14, 1811 – March 23, 1855) was an attorney from Vicksburg, Mississippi, U.S. marshal for the Northern District of Mississippi, a leading officer of the Mississippi Rifles during the Mexican-American War, and briefly chargé d'affaires to Bolivia in President Zachary Taylor's administration. A dead shot with mental health problems, he is best known for his participation in a series of duels. He became a folkloric figure of the 19th-century antebellum United States, known as "the Black Knight of the South," with claims made to the effect that he killed 18 people, or participated in 14 duels and had killed 10 men, or killed seven brothers in one family. (The historical record suggests four duels with two killings.)
Born the seventh child of a Kentucky judge and legislator, and the "most brilliant" daughter of the Marshall political family, McClung moved to Mississippi in 1832, where he built a lonely, storied, troubled life; he considered himself "Death's Ramrod." Amongst his contemporaries, he was considered a courageous soldier, a passionate Whig (devoted to Henry Clay, and opposed to Andrew Jackson), an excellent writer, an excellent shot; sensitive, melancholic, Byronic, erratic, alcoholic, and eventually, insane. He died by self-inflicted gunshot in a Mississippi boarding house in 1855, leaving a Romantic poem as a suicide note.
McClung was born in Fauquier County, Virginia, and was the nephew of United States Chief Justice John Marshall. His father was William Alexander McClung, and his mother was Sarah Tarleton Marshall.[2][3] Judge McClung was a Virginia native related to the Breckinridges,[4][5] who represented Kentucky in the Virginia legislature, represented Nelson County in the Kentucky Senate from 1796 to 1800, and attended the Constitutional Convention that met in Danville, Kentucky, in 1787.[6] Sarah Marshall was remembered as the "brilliant daughter of distinguished Revolutionary War veteran Col. Thomas Marshall...Susan was carrying her seventh child when she left her Mason County home in 1811 to visit a gravely ill sister in Virginia. That memorable year witnessed the birth of a son, Alexander Keith, on June 14th in the Old Dominion, and the death of her husband on their Kentucky estate that same summer."[5] Several of McClung's siblings died young.[5]
At age 14, he was sent to a "classical school conducted in Woodford Co., Ky., by his uncle, Dr. Louis Marshall. To escape punishment he leaped from a second-story window and fled to his home in Mason County.[2] He attended the New York Naval Academy, where he once threatened fellow student Benjamin F. Sands at sword point.[5] He was commissioned as a midshipman on April 1, 1828.[7][2] He set sail on the USS Vandalia (1828) on October 15, 1828,[5] and promptly showed further evidence of behavioral issues, getting into a fight with fellow midshipman J. T. Williams.[5] At the port of Montevideo, Uruguay,[5] his first duel was with midshipman Addison C. Hinton, later of the Republic of Texas Navy.[8] Hinton wounded McClung in the arm, McClung nicked Hinton's thumb.[8] McClung's naval career ended August 20, 1829, when his captain put him ashore in Buenos Aires, Argentina.[2][9] Upon returning to Kentucky, he initially studied medicine but then turned to the law.[2] His second duel was in Frankfort, Kentucky, opposite his cousin James W. Marshall; he fired into the air, concluding the matter of honor.[8] There may or may not have been another shooting in here somewhere. A Marshall cousin wrote in the 1880s, "I know little of the circumstances under which he killed Baker."[10] The McClungs deny the claim that he killed a man named Baker.[11]
McClung moved first to Columbus, in northeastern Mississippi, in about 1832.[4] Moving further south in 1833, in short order he served as "second" to Henry S. Foote in a duel with Sergeant S. Prentiss.[8]  At this duel, one of the typically baroque Southern duel cycles of gossip, rumor, slander, and melodrama was kicked off, in this case involving one Gen. Allen and a man named George W. Coffee.[12] Thus, on July 14, 1834, McClung dueled and killed Mississippi state legislator Augustus Albert Allen.[13][12] The duel was on the banks of the Pearl River, and McClung shot Allen in the mouth from 34 feet (10 m).[12] McClung's shot amputated Allen's tongue and smashed "several teeth...leaving a horrific wound from which he died in great agony."[12][8] As many as 3,000 people were present at the Jackson duelling grounds to witness this event.[14]
In 1837 there was supposed to be a fight between McClung and H. C. Stewart, with the weapons being 16 in (41 cm) knives but McClung "absolutely refused to agree to the binding of their respective left arms with cords. Gentlemen, he contended, did not bind themselves like slaves and criminals. While the duel never took place, the barbaric terms were circulated in the Northern press as yet another example of Southern savagery."[12] McClung killed 24-year-old John L. Menefee in 1838.[15] Menefee's first name is variously listed as George, James, and John W., and the family spelling was Menefee although the press generally used Menifee.[16][17][18] He was a Vicksburg merchant,[16] and he was the brother of Kentucky congressman Richard H. Menefee, and he was killed on "the second fire" of a duel with Mississippi rifles in Vicksburg in December 1838.[13]
The lead-up to the shooting involved Menefee and George Coffee ("McClung's old enemy") finding the completely inebriated McClung alone and unarmed in a tavern and "savagely beating" him with a pool cue to the point that they fractured his skull. This action led to the duel.[16] As many as 700 people had ridden over to DeSoto Island, the "duelling island" across from Vicksburg, in boats to witness the shootout.[19] Menifee was not killed directly by a bullet, but rather McClung's bullet hit the body of Menifee's gun and either a fragment of the hammer or half of the bullet entered above his right eye,[20] or a wooden splinter of the rifle stock through the neck was what killed him.[18] The crowd was against McClung, as Menifee was personally popular, and "the callous sporting crowd had reportedly bet heavily against McClung" since Menifee was a member of the local militia known for his excellent shooting skills.[16] Menefee's unit, the Vicksburg Rifles, had all come to the dueling grounds to have a picnic and watch.[21] Nearly 50 years later, in 1886, Menifee was still remembered by a Vicksburg booster as "one of the most brilliant and popular men in the State."[22]
After Menefee's death, other Menefees reportedly sought out McClung and he "fought seven of them killing three of the number and wounding the balance."[23] Another version has it that "As an aftermath, he was forced to methodically slay all six of his victim's brothers, one by one, in the order which they challenged him. One perfectly good family, 'shot to hell'—literally."[4] The McClung family history claimed that his "formidable reputation saved him from ever again being challenged.[23]  Another account, spun one hundred years after McClung's death, claimed that he killed 18 men, including some conniving gamblers killed in partnership with Jim Bowie in a brawl on the deck of a steamboat, and that the names of 18 victims "are known," but this account does not name them.[24] His reputation is probably predominantly folkloric and not factual, as there is no secondary evidence of McClung killing a succession of Menefees in the wake of their brother's death, etc., but such statements cling to McClung's reputation nonetheless.[16]
McClung was noted for his attacks on the Martin Van Buren presidential administration of 1836 to 1840.[25] McClung was named editor of the Southern Sun newspaper in 1840.[26] From 1841 to 1845, McClung was U.S. marshal for the United States District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi.[27][7] During this period there are hints of a failed courtship of Virginia Caroline Tunstall, later Mrs. Clement Claiborne Clay.[28][25] They met in Columbus while she was visiting an aunt, Mrs. Fort. She reportedly said that she both loved him and feared him, and he was prone to stunts like threatening to drive their carriage into the river unless she agreed to marry him.[29] She said yes, made him drive her home, told him the next day that her "yes" was made under duress, and "fearful...fled by stagecoach to Tuscaloosa," and never saw him again, marrying Clay shortly thereafter.[30] McClung ran The True Issue newspaper in Jackson, Mississippi in 1844.[14] The following year, he "stumped Lowndes County" for a seat in the Mississippi House of Representatives and lost the election but "established his reputation as a skilled, dramatic orator."[16]
McClung served as lieutenant colonel of the 1st Mississippi Regiment during the Mexican–American War.[31] Originally Captain of the Tombigbee Volunteers, which was named for the Tombigbee River, the company was organized at Columbus, Mississippi, and included soldiers recruited from Monroe and Lowdnes Counties.[32] He was promoted to lieutenant colonel, second in command of the regiment, and was wounded at the "storming of Monterrey."[33] McClung was said to be the first man over the wall at the Black Fort (La Teneria), and he was assaulting the second Mexican defensive line when his left hand was shattered and left hip struck by an enemy minie ball.[16] In 1847, citizens of Columbus presented McClung with a ceremonial sword inscribed "'Presented to Lieut. Col. Alex'r. McClung, by the citizens of Lowndes County, Miss., for his gallantry at the battle of Monterey.' On the sword are the words uttered by the gallant Colonel, when making his charge on the Mexican defences, 'Tombigbee Volunteers, follow me.'"[34] As of 1904 the sword was in the possession of Mrs. Harrison T. McClung of St. Paul, Minnesota.[23]
McClung was announced as a candidate for the U.S. Congress from Mississippi in 1847.[31] Both Jefferson Davis and McClung ran for office late year, based on their records in the war, and squabbled in print over who took what actions in combat.[16] Davis, a Democrat, was sent up to the U.S. Senate.[16] McClung, a Whig, failed to win to a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives,[16] his successful opponent being Winfield Scott Featherston, a Democrat and fellow veteran of the Mexican-American War.[1] In 1848 the Mississippi Free Trader criticized McClung's stump speaking style as mediocre.[35] His writing, however, was said to be superlative.[8] McClung supported Zachary Taylor for president in 1848 and as a reward was granted the "scantest crumbs of political patronage—the post of charges d'affaires to Bolivia. Many of his friends advised him to refuse the position. McClung, who was in dire financial straits, swallowed his pride and accepted the mission on May 29, 1849."[36][37] In 1851 he insulted the Bolivian foreign minister and essentially recalled himself to the United States.[16] While in Bolivia he may have killed "an overbearing Englishman."[38] However, this claim "is by others denied."[11]
Back in Mississippi, he was a vigorous campaigner for pro-Union candidates and against the possibility of secession from the United States over the issue of slavery, supporting his old ally Foote in an election against Jefferson Davis.[8] Many decades later, a trio of old Confederates claimed that McClung and Davis despised each other, and Davis would deliberately needle McClung, hoping to prompt a duel challenge in which Davis would have chosen the weapons, and selected sabers, at which he was the superior fighter. (No challenge to Davis was ever sent by McClung.)[39] In 1852 he was nominated, along with S. S. Boyd of Adams County, to serve as a Whig presidential elector,[40] but refused to serve because he did not support Winfield Scott.[41]
He was, however, notorious by this time for his bad credit, gambling, and drunkenness, had no remaining legal career to speak of, and had accumulated significant debts.[36] He delivered a eulogy for Henry Clay on October 11, 1852 that was described as one of the greatest speeches ever made in Mississippi despite him having been in what was called a "beastly state of intoxication" the night before.[42] He became a hopeless alcoholic and would fall asleep on emptied shipping crates stacked behind shops in the Mississippi state capital of Jackson, unconscious but clutching a Bowie knife in his hand.[43] According to Mrs. Sidney Stevens of Jackson, Mississippi in 1929, "Most of McClung's quarrels and debauches either occurred or originated in the saloon...on the corner of East Capitol and North State street, across the street from the Old Capitol. That was a favorite hangout for him."[39] Reuben Davis recalled in his memoirs the terror of entering a restaurant with two friends and coming across McClung drinking alone but for the company of two guns and a knife laid out in front of him on the bar; Davis described McClung as "insane" by that time, prone to an alcohol-fueled psychosis and erratic, frightening words and actions.[36] Davis and companions finished their white wine and oysters as quickly as possible and departed post haste, leaving the equally terrified (enslaved) waiter alone with McClung.[36] In 1855, McClung sought a new military officer's commission but, with his reputation in tatters, and his old rival Jefferson Davis running the U.S. Department of War under Franklin Pierce, none was forthcoming.[36]
McClung used "a tiny, silver-mounted derringer" to commit suicide by self-inflicted gunshot in the Eagle Hotel in Jackson, Mississippi.[1] According to Kentucky archivist and historian James M. Prichard, his planning for this event was elaborate: "He had previously asked a local carpenter to design a wooden plank with a deep notch in one end. After positioning the plank against his bed, he lay down so that his head rested in the v-shaped notch. He placed a small silver derringer against his head and pulled the trigger. The blood ran down the board so that not a single drop stained his fine clothes. Near his body lay a bit of melancholy verse entitled 'Ode to Death.'"[36] McClung was interred in the burial plot of Nicholas D. Coleman, widower of his cousin, Lucy Ambler Marshall Coleman,[24][44] at Cedar Hill Cemetery in Vicksburg, Warren County, Mississippi.[45][1]
McClung's remarkable, troubled life and ultimate death by his own hand may have stemmed in part from a family history of untreated mood disorders and substance abuse. McClung's sister Charlotte McClung Woolfolk was remembered as a brilliant woman of "idiosyncrasies," who was possessed of a "delicate, quick and sensitive intuition, manifesting itself in prevision, bordering on prophesy,"[46] and who was "quite mad at the time of her early death in 1840."[5] McClung's brother Rev. John A. McClung's death at Niagara Falls in 1859 was most likely a suicide.[5] McClung's cousin, Thomas F. Marshall, also a duellist, drank himself to death in 1864.[36] McClung's mother outlived her son by three years; in 1885, a nephew wrote of her, "Aunt McClung was, perhaps, the most intellectual of the daughters of Col. Thos. Marshall. Her mind possessed masculine powers, and she delighted to associate with people of culture. She combined intelligence with sweetness of temper, purity of thought and tenderness of heart. In the days of my childhood and orphanage, she was a mother to me. I delighted to read to her, and hear her comments. She was dignified and imposing in her manner; yet everybody loved her. Her reading was extensive, her information varied, and her conversation exceedingly interesting. When, in 1831 and 1832, I lived at the old haunted Orr mansion, perched on the Ohio bluff, with its solitary halls, lofty ceilings, and spacious corridors, she kindly took me to her room of nights, to allay my boyish fears of ghosts. In her long widowhood of 47 years, she was a welcome and honored visitor among her kindred."[47]
Alexander McClung never married but according to a 1948 article in a Mississippi paper, "For many years the name McClung became an alibi for the spinsters of Columbus, who nimbly excused their single blessedness by remarking, 'You must realize, my dear, the reason I never married is because I loved Alexander McClung.'"[28]
The nickname Black Knight of the South seems to have been developed posthumously, possibly from the title of a 1936 article by Craddock Goins in Esquire magazine.[48] McClung reportedly referred to himself in letters as "Death's Ramrod."[4] Regarding the longevity and persistence of McClung's legend, one Mississippi narrative about his life and death seemed to him imbue him with all of the original sins of the antebellum Southern white man: "Highly bred like the thoroughbred horses of his boyhood home, sensitive, intelligent, quick-tempered, ambitious, combatative and frustrated, Keith McClung grew up to acquire most of the virtues and nearly all the vices of the traditional Southern gentleman of his day. He was controversial and vain, with an exaggerated sense of chivalry and an adolescent motion the he must prove himself in the world by fighting continually."[4] His well-known rivalry with Confederate President Jefferson Davis may have also contributed to the construction of his reputation in the Lost Cause-venerating post-war white South.[24] The McClung family historian deemed him a victim of his time, writing, "Adherence to the false 'code of honor' which prevailed in his day was deemed more essential than brains and moral character for one who sought political preferment. McClung possessed a temperament which made him an easy victim of this heathenish and barbarous code."[49]The Double Life of Henry Phyfe is a 17-episode American sitcom broadcast on ABC from January 13 to September 1, 1966,[1][2] and starring Red Buttons.[citation needed]
Henry Phyfe (Buttons) was a mild-mannered accountant, until circumstances forced the American Counter Intelligence Service (CIS) to recruit him to impersonate a foreign agent named U-31, who had been killed in an automobile accident. The agent looked just like Phyfe, but the two men's personalities were drastically different. That severe contrast laid the groundwork for many of the episodes.
Phyfe's girlfriend, Judy Kimball, her mother Florence and his boss at the accounting firm, Mr. Hamble, were all unaware of Henry's secret life, with Gerald Hannahan, the regional director of the agency the lone person to know the secret. The characters of the girlfriend and mother-in-law were phased out halfway through the abbreviated run.
A recurring plot line was that U-31 had a wide range of skills (golf, samurai sword fighting, etc) which Phyfe would attempt to learn (generally unsuccessfully) just before his mission.
Actor Peter Bonerz (The Bob Newhart Show) had auditioned for the role of Henry Phyfe before Red Buttons was selected.[3]
Buttons noted that, unlike Agent Maxwell Smart in NBC's new hit Get Smart, his character was shy, used no gadgets in his work, and was an impostor, not an actual agent. Phyfe's CIS boss was played by veteran character actor Fred Clark, who bore a superficial physical resemblance to Smart's "Chief" played by Edward Platt.
The show marked Buttons' return to weekly television after his variety show had ended a three-year run in 1955. During the interim, Buttons found roles in 15 different motion pictures, including an Academy Award-winning performance in the 1957 Marlon Brando film, Sayonara.
The concept of an "every man" recruited to impersonate someone of importance has been used for many years in literature (for example, The Prisoner of Zenda). A few months after the series' cancellation, the animated film, The Man Called Flintstone, featured the same premise as Henry Phyfe, while another TV series, The Man Who Never Was, debuted in the fall of 1966 with the premise reversed as a spy found himself impersonating a businessman who had been killed.
The UK R&B Singles Chart is a weekly chart that ranks the 40 biggest-selling singles and albums that are classified in the R&B genre in the United Kingdom. The chart is compiled by the Official Charts Company,[1] and is based on both physical, and digital sales.[2]
The following are the songs which have topped the UK R&B Singles Chart in 2024.[3]Shmuel Yaakov Weinberg, known as Yaakov Weinberg (also Jacob S. Weinberg) (1923 – July 1, 1999) was an Orthodox Jewish rabbi, Talmudist, and rosh yeshiva (dean) of Ner Israel Rabbinical College in Baltimore, Maryland,[1] one of the major American non-Hasidic yeshivas. Weinberg was also a rabbinical advisor and board member in Haredi and Orthodox institutions such as Torah Umesorah, Agudath Israel of America and the Association for Jewish Outreach Programs.
Weinberg was a scion of the Slonimer Hasidic dynasty. He was the great-great-grandson of Rabbi Avraham of Slonim, author of Yesod HaAvodah and founder of the dynasty, and the grandson of Rabbi Noah Weinberg of Slonim and Tiberias, whom the first Slonimer Rebbe had sent to Palestine to establish a Torah community in the late 19th century.[2]
His father, Rabbi Yitzchak Mattisyahu Weinberg, a son of Noah Weinberg, was married three times. His first wife died while giving birth to his son, Chaim Yosef David. His second wife also bore him a son, Avraham, before they divorced. Yitzchak Mattisyahu married his third wife, Ayala Hinda Loberbaum, the daughter of Rabbi Avner Loberbaum of Safed, when he was in his thirties, and she was but fourteen. They had five children. The first two, Moshe and Chava Leah (later married to R' Avraham Chaim Pincus), were born in 1910 and a year or so later. During World War I, Yitzchak Mattisyahu was forced to leave Palestine and move to America because he was framed in the killing a young Arab girl; he brought his family to join him in New York in 1921. His and Hinda's third child, Yaakov, was born in 1923. Then they had a girl named Chaya (Helene). Their youngest child, Noah, born in 1931, was the founder and rosh yeshiva of Aish Hatorah.[2]
His nephew, son of Chava Leah, was Rabbi Shimshon Dovid Pincus.
In 1931 Hinda took her two youngest sons to visit her family in Palestine and ended up staying for three years. During that time, Weinberg attended cheder in Tiberias and later studied in the Etz Chaim Yeshiva in Jerusalem. Upon their return to America, Weinberg attended Yeshiva Torah Vodaas and Yeshivas Chofetz Chaim, and later studied at Yeshiva Rabbi Chaim Berlin[3] under Rabbi Yitzchak Hutner. Weinberg was regarded as a top student and was assigned to weekend rabbinical duties at the age of 19. Hutner gave him semicha in 1944 when he was 21.[2]
In 1945, Weinberg married Shaina Chana Ruderman, the only child of Rabbi Yaakov Yitzchok Ruderman, founder of the Ner Israel yeshiva. They had two boys and four girls. Weinberg excelled in Talmudic scholarship, as a rabbinical advisor and in teaching ability. Weinberg eventually succeeded his father-in-law as the main rosh yeshiva of Ner Israel yeshiva, but not before undertaking a number of other rosh yeshiva positions. Weinberg has 40 grandchildren.
In 1964, Weinberg went to the Yeshivas Ner Yisroel of Toronto originally the Toronto branch of Ner Israel, where he served as dean until 1971. He then returned to Baltimore but went on to serve for a short time as rosh yeshiva at the now defunct Kerem Yeshiva founded by his son, Rabbi Matis Weinberg, in Santa Clara, California. However, following the death of his father-in-law, Rabbi Ruderman, he became the permanent rosh yeshiva of Ner Israel in Baltimore in 1987 until his death in 1999.[4]
Weinberg was regarded as a master logician, with broad knowledge and depth in all aspects of Jewish law and philosophy.[citation needed][2] He was also a sought-after counselor, involved in hundreds of private and public issues and concerns within the Jewish community.[citation needed]
He often took the lead in "question and answer" sessions at Torah Umesorah conventions where hundreds of rabbis would seek his counsel and many of these teachings have been published, as in Rav Yaakov Weinberg Talks About Chinuch[5]
His student Rabbi Boruch Leff based his teachings on Weinberg's methods in Forever His Students: Powerful essays and lessons on contemporary Jewish life, inspired by the teachings of Rabbi Yaakov Weinberg.[6]
Weinberg had a close relationship with his brother, Noah Weinberg, and was held in high esteem by the Aish HaTorah yeshiva for baalei teshuva that the latter founded.[citation needed] The two Weinberg brothers remained close and Yaakov Weinberg was a frequent guest lecturer at Aish HaTorah, where most of his lectures have been preserved and even transcribed. An example is his lecture about "The Palestinians: Facts & Fables" and his views on the subject.[7]
He was involved with a variety of communities, including the Iranian Jewish community for which Ner Yisroel developed a rabbinic training program.[8]
Weinberg was a member of the rabbinical board of Torah Umesorah - National Society for Hebrew Day Schools and was a frequent scholar in residence at Torah Umesorah annual conventions and retreats. His teachings were deemed to be significant enough to have been printed in Torah Umesorah publications, such as in a book published in 1975 titled Building Jewish Ethical Character where a chapter is devoted to Weinberg's lectures on "Mitzvos as 'Springboards' for Ethical behavior".[9] His activities and views were also cited in a 1982 work researched and published by Professor William Helmreich at CUNY Graduate Center, titled The World of the Yeshiva: An Intimate Portrait of Orthodox Jewry.[10]
The Association for Jewish Outreach Programs, originally known as the Association for Jewish Outreach Professionals, (AJOP), devoted to the cause of Orthodox Jewish outreach (kiruv) was launched in 1988 and Weinberg was chosen as its lead rabbinic advisor, a post he retained until his death in 1999. AJOP was launched with the backing of the AVI CHAI Foundation that provided several million dollars as seed money for AJOP to establish itself and run its first number of annual conventions. At the same time the AVI CHAI Foundation also endowed a new institute at the Ner Israel yeshiva in Baltimore known as the MAOR Institute that would train its yeshiva graduates to become proficient "outreach rabbis" that would dovetail with AJOP's mission of enhancing the already extant field of outreach workers. Thus Weinberg headed both MAOR and AJOP that were both aimed and enhancing the field of reaching out to non-Orthodox Jews. Weinberg guarded his position in AJOP and ensured that his allies, such as Rabbi Ephraim Buchwald (AJOP first president) and himself the founder of another multimillion-dollar AVI Chai Foundation project the National Jewish Outreach Program (NJOP), remained in its leadership positions.
When AJOP published a seminal work in 1990 by Rabbi Moshe Weinberger titled Jewish Outreach: Halakhic Perspectives it was Weinberg who gave his written approbation and blessings to the work and its author.[11]
Many of Weinberg's teachings have been published in essay and book form in Orthodox publications. Targum Press published Weinberg's Fundamentals and Faith: Insights into the Rambam's Thirteen Principles.[12] In turn, Weinberg's ideas from this work are quoted in another work about Jewish ethics titled Bridging the Gap.[13]
Orthodox magazines, such as The Jewish Observer, have published many of Weinberg's speeches that later were also reprinted in ArtScroll books. For example, in A Path Through the Ashes, there is an essay by Weinberg about The Destruction of European Jewry: A Churban of Singular Dimensions.[14]
After his death, his students compiled and published his work on Maimonides, entitled Meoros HaRambam. Ner Israel Archive has been digitizing Weinberg's legacy for a number of years.
Weinberg succumbed to cancer that spread very quickly. His funeral was held at the Ner Israel yeshiva.
Weinberg was succeeded as the senior rosh yeshiva of Ner Israel yeshiva by Rabbi Kulefsky,  Aharon Feldman took his place after a short time. Unlike Weinberg, Feldman was accepted and serves as a full member of the Moetzes Gedolei HaTorah of the American Agudath Israel.
Following Weinberg's death, it has been mostly the family of Rabbi Herman N. Neuberger that has dominated the yeshiva and none of Weinberg's sons have succeeded him in any official role in the Ner Israel yeshiva. Weinberg's son-in-law, Rabbi Beryl Weisbord, was appointed as Ner Israel yeshiva's mashgiach ruchani (spiritual guide); he is married to Weinberg's daughter Dr. Aviva Weisbord who has a doctorate in psychology.
Weinberg's son, Rabbi Matis Weinberg, has also served as rosh yeshiva of a number of institutions in America and Israel. He is presently an international lecturer on Judaism and an author of a number of Torah works. Another son, Rabbi Simcha Weinberg, is a lecturer on Judaism. He was married to the daughter of Rabbi Maurice Lamm and had served in a number of rabbinical posts, including that of rabbi of the prestigious Lincoln Square Synagogue in Manhattan.
Yesh Atid MK Rabbi Dov Lipman received semicha from Weinberg and has often cited him.[15]
Rabbi Yochanan Zweig was a close student of Weinberg and received Semicha from him as well[16]
Cambarus zophonastes, also known as the Hell Creek Cave crayfish, is named for its original location of discovery, Hell Creek Cave. It is also found in other similar habitats in Stone County and Marion County, Arkansas.[3] These habitats include springs and caves such as Nesbitt Spring Cave in Stone County. C. zophanastes is critically endangered according to the IUCN (International Union for Conservation of Nature).[1] C. zophanastes is also protected by the ESA (Endangered Species Act) as an endangered species.[4] Currently conservation efforts focus on monitoring populations, reducing disturbances, and monitoring water quality. More research has to be conducted to better understand and conserve the species.
The Hell Creek Crayfish lacks pigment in its body and does not have eyes. It reaches an overall body length of 2.5 to 3.0 inches.[3] It has a convergent rostrum, which is the beak-like shell located between the crayfish's eyes.[5] Its areola is narrow, and if a cervical spine is present, it is very small. It can be differentiated from its closest relatives, C. setosus which has a wider areola and one to several spines while its other close relative C. tartarus also has a wider areola.[5]
Currently, there is little information about the life history of C. zophonastes due to limited sightings. One egg-bearing female was discovered in 1975, providing insights into the reproductive habits of the species. The reproductive habits are likely comparable to other troglobites. Reproduction occurs in late winter and spring months for other troglobites.[5] Reproduction occurs in those months since water levels are higher. Higher water levels, in turn, increase the nutrients available for reproduction. Troglobites have low reproductive rates and take longer periods to reach maturity. This is overcome by increased survival rates of offspring. The lifespan is predicted to be 40 years, based on research done of similar crayfish in Florida.[6]
The basis of the food chain for this habitat is organic matter brought into the caves as a result of flooding after a rainstorm.[5] There is currently no research on what C. zophonastes eats, but its diet can be inferred by comparing the diets of other similar crayfish. Some crayfish within its genus include C. robustus and C. tenebrosus. C. robustus filter feeds algae from the water. C. tenebrosus eats plant material, and occasionally eat small animals such as frogs or salamanders.[7][8] It is reasonable to conclude that C. zophonastes most likely gets nutrients from very similar eating patterns. It likely consumes organic matter filtered from the water, as well as occasionally eating other animals[5]
C. zophonastes shows no response to light or observation, likely as a result of its lack of eyes. It is able to recognize and respond to attempts to be captured.[4] The environment C. zophonastes lives is particularly nutrient poor, necessitating a low metabolic level. From this, it can be inferred that the crayfish spends most its time moving very slowly, or not at all, to conserve energy. Since food is scarce in this environment and there are few opportunities to feed, these crayfish are likely very opportunistic foragers.[5] Other than this, little is known about the behaviour of C. zophonastes. To better understand the mating and territorial behaviours of this species more research must be conducted.
The Hell Creek Cave crayfish can be found in various stream habitats in Arkansas. Within these habitats it thrives on muddy stream bottoms or along cave stream walls.[4] These habitats have no visible light and a stable, low temperature. The aquatic system in this environment is relatively stable, except for occasional flooding when it rains.[5] Its preferred habitat conditions are mostly identical among the various locations it is located.
From 1964 until recent years, the Hell Creek Cave crayfish was only believed to exist in the cave system that is its namesake.[9] Yet in 2005, a second population of crayfish was found in Nesbitt Spring cave in the same county. Then in 2010, a third population was discovered at an upwelling near Town Branch River in Yellville, Arkansas. These new populations are most likely not due to the species range expanding, however. Rather, this is most likely due to increased access and searches by researchers leading to the discovery of populations that have always been there. None of the populations of C. zophonastes have disappeared from any locations since they have been found, either.[10] In conclusion, their geographical distribution is most likely static.
An interactive range map can be found at ECOS. The dark green areas demonstrate the areas in which Hell Creek Cave Crayfish are found in Arkansas, U.S.A.
During the 2018 annual Hell Creek Cave Survey there was a slight decline in the mean number of crayfish observed. This decline in observed crayfish may not actually represent a decline in crayfish population though. In past surveys of Hell Creek Cave and Nesbitt Spring cave, both the traversable and diveable portions of the caves were fully surveyed for crayfish. However, in recent years, only the traversable portions of these caves have been surveyed. This brings into question the continued accuracy of the C. zophonastes census. Looking at only full surveys of the caves, Hell Creek Cave had 15 individuals in 1983, 13 individuals in 1990, and 12 individuals in 2007. Similarly, Nesbitt Spring cave had “dozens” of individuals in 1992 and 9 individuals in 2004. These surveys are useful but do not provide sufficient data to accurately estimate population sizes or trends.[6]
As of 2018, there are three confirmed populations of this crayfish. They are located in Hell Creek Cave, Nesbitt Spring, and the Yellville Town Branch Creek System. There is also a fourth unconfirmed population, but genetic testing has not yet been conducted and the location has been withheld.[6]
The main threats to C. zophonastes are the fragmentation and destruction of its habitats. Habitat fragmentation can occur due to erosion and sedimentation resulting from human activity.[6]  Habitat destruction most often takes the form of pollution, such as urban runoff and waste disposal. Other threats affecting this species include crayfish collection, human disturbance, and a lack of reproduction. These crayfish have a small population size, as well as a very low reproductive rate and the relatively long time to reach maturity compared to other crayfish. Human disturbance has a significant impact on this species to their troglobitic nature. This can include anything as small as the presence of humans and disturbance of water in their habitat. Like the habitats of other troglobites, there is very little energy available in this species' environment due to a lack of primary producers. Energy wasted responding to human activity may greatly affect survivability and reproduction. Due to having such a small population, any loss of reproduction would likely be quite harmful to the species. For example, if an egg-bearing female were to be disturbed or collected, and it lost its eggs, the biotic potential of the entire population would be significantly reduced.[5]
C. zophonastes was petitioned to be listed under the Endangered Species Act on May 5, 1986. It was eventually listed as an endangered species on April 7, 1987.[9] A recovery plan was established in 1988. Five year reviews have been conducted on April 17, 2019, August 13, 2012, and November 6, 1991. Additional status reviews were conducted on August 2, 2007, and in the year 1984. The most recent review maintained its classification of Hell Creek Crayfish as endangered. It suggested several ways on how to improve the status to threatened. Options for this included improving land use regulations, excluding recreational cavers, and locating and protecting other viable populations. Conservationists can accomplish this through several methods. For example, improving cave protection, share the importance of the cave ecosystem with locals, water quality monitoring, and monitoring the status of the crayfish.[6]
This species’ status is considered stable as of 2018. There is no evidence that indicates a noticeable decline in population numbers or habitat quality for this species over the past several years.[6]
Current conservation efforts are outlined in the endangered species recovery plan. The recovery plan for the Hell Creek Cave Crayfish was established on September 26, 1988. It has not been updated since.[5] Also, it is currently in its final phase. Therefore, conservation efforts are to be periodically maintained.[4]  For the Hell Creek Cave crayfish to be down-listed from endangered to threatened, three viable populations of the species must be discovered and protected.[5] To potentially be delisted from the ESA and considered recovered, a total of ten populations must be discovered, and a total of five viable populations must be fully protected. Due to the troglobitic nature of the Hell Creek Cave Crayfish, it is unlikely that such populations will be found. Also, given that the species has a severely low population, it is unlikely that any of the crayfish could be relocated or bred in captivity without risking the original population. Therefore, delisting is unlikely.
Currently, there is not a designated critical habitat for this species.[9]
To protect the Hell Creek Cave Crayfish, the Hell Creek Cave and its recharge area must be protected. In order to preserve the cave, an agreement with the Arkansas Natural Heritage Commission (NHC) and the Arkansas Game and Fish Commission was met. Admonitory signs were posted and a barrier was erected to prevent unauthorized cavers from entering. Also, all land which contributes to the recharge of the cave’s water supply was identified by the Ozark Underground Laboratory under contract to the NHC.[5]
Ongoing conservation efforts to protect the species take a variety of approaches. One essential aspect is protecting land that provides recharge to the Hell Creek Cave. Projects requiring state or federal approval must be reviewed to determine if they will negatively impact the Hell Creek Cave crayfish. Recruiting locals for conservation can also be useful. This can be done by educating people about the fragility of the Hell Creek Cave and its inhabitants, as well as their significance. Locals can also help as contacts to report events that may impact the ecological status of Hell Creek Cave, such as chemical spills on highways.[5]
Efforts to discover new populations are ongoing and some have been successful. Currently, the species has been identified in two more caves and a spring in Stone County (where the Hell Creek Cave is located). The species has also been found in a spring in Marion County, Arkansas.[3] Researchers continue to survey caves and aquatic habitats where the species may exist, but they were not noticed in previous caving expeditions.[5] Research is limited in sites that are inaccessible to humans such as the Yellville site.[6]
Baseline population data was collected and is compared to new data. Changes will be used to evaluate impacts of protective measures, and to develop management activities to conserve the species.[5]
Water quality is assessed to determine levels of pollution and the health of the aquatic habitat.[5]
hell-creek-cave-crayfish/cambarus-zophonastes Hell Creek Cave crayfish (Cambarus zophonastes) media from ARKiveWalter von Trauchburg was abbot of the abbey of Saint Gall from 1239 until 1244. He is descended from an Allgäu noble family. His mother was a born as a von Güttingen.[1]
Walter of Trauchburg was decanus operis when he won the abbot's election against his rival Heinrich von Eichheim in 1239. However, the election sparked controversy which was spread even to Rome. Pope Gregory IX eventually called upon the bishop of Como to investigate the election. Thanks in large part to the support from Heinrich von Tanne of Constance, he was confirmed as abbot. In return, Walter of Trauchburg handed important papal and episcopal documents, which regulated the relationship between Saint Gall and Constance, over to the bishop of Constance.
Abbot Walter was a supporter of the house of Hohenstaufen. His brother Berthold was court judge for King Conrad IV. Walter offered military assistance to Conrad for his fight against the papacy and the archbishop of Mainz, for which an anathema was issued against him. The monastery's economy suffered under Abbot Walter's reign. He and the provost attempted to better the situation in 1244 by investing 50 marks from their yearly incomes in order to buy new goods or release pledged ones. In the autumn of the same year, the military conflicts between the city of Wil and the counts of Toggenburg broke out again. Abbot Walter of Trauchburg was overwhelmed with the situation and abdicated his position on 25 November 1244. He relocated to the Dominican monastery in Constance.
Mewing is a form of oral posture training purported to improve jaw and facial structure.[1] It was named after Mike and John Mew, the controversial British orthodontists who created the technique as a part of a practice called "orthotropics".[2][3] It involves placing one's tongue at the roof of the mouth and applying pressure, with the aim of changing the structure of the jaws.[4][5]  No credible scientific research has ever proven the efficacy of orthotropics.[2]
Many orthodontists believe that mewing lacks evidence as a viable alternative treatment to orthognathic surgery.[1][6] Mike Mew was expelled from the British Orthodontic Society,[2] who faced a misconduct hearing for posing harm to child patients who underwent his treatments.[7][8] In 2024, Mew was struck off the dental register in the United Kingdom.[3]
Since 2019, mewing has received widespread media coverage due to its virality on social media,[9] especially in incel and looksmaxxing subcultures.[2][10] Data from Google Trends indicates that interest in "Mewing" began to rise in January 2019.[1] Some school teachers say there are students who gesture to their jawline to indicate that they are mewing and do not wish to answer questions.[11][12]Carrier's constraint is the observation that air-breathing vertebrates with two lungs that flex their bodies sideways during locomotion find it difficult to move and breathe at the same time, because the sideways flexing expands one lung and compresses the other, shunting stale air from lung to lung instead of expelling it completely to make room for fresh air.[1]
It was named by English paleontologist Richard Cowen for David R. Carrier, who wrote his observations on the problem in 1987.[2][3][4]
Most lizards move in short bursts, with long pauses for breath.[citation needed]
Around the Late Triassic period, animals with Carrier's constraint were preyed on by bipedal species that evolved a more efficient stride.[citation needed]
Most snakes have only one lung, so Carrier's constraint does not apply.
Monitor lizards increase their stamina by using bones and muscles in the throat and floor of the mouth to "gulp" air via gular pumping.[5]
Some other lizards, mainly agamids, use bipedal locomotion for running and avoid sideways flexing. Bipedality in modern lizards is rare, but it is an effective way to run without pausing to breathe, and is advantageous for catching active prey or evading predators.
Crocodilians use a "high walk" with a more erect limb posture that minimizes sideways flexing to cross long distances.  However, as they evolved from upright walkers with limited bipedality, this may simply be a remnant of past behavior rather than a specific adaptation to overcome this difficulty. Todd J. Uriona of the University of Utah hypothesized that costal ventilation may have aided the upright posture in overcoming the constraint.[6]
Birds have erect limbs and rigid bodies, and therefore do not flex sideways when moving. In addition many of them have a mechanism which pumps both lungs simultaneously when the birds rock their hips.[citation needed]
Most mammals have erect limbs and flexible bodies, which makes their bodies flex vertically when moving quickly. This aids breathing, as it expands or compresses both lungs simultaneously.[citation needed]
Contrary to the above model, breathing is maintained in lizards during movement, even above their aerobic scope, and arterial blood remains well oxygenated.[7]
Paleontologist Richard Cowen wrote a limerick to explain and celebrate Carrier's rule:[3]
The reptilian idea of fun
Is to bask all day in the sun.
A physiological barrier,
Discovered by Carrier,
Says they can't breathe, if they run.
9th Mission Support Command (9th MSC) is a United States Army Reserve unit located in Fort Shafter, Honolulu, Hawai'i.
The 9th Mission Support Command is a U.S. Army Reserve Command under the operational control of U.S. Army Pacific. Headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii, the command consists of approximately 3,500 Army Reserve Soldiers and 160 civilians throughout the Pacific, including Hawaii, Alaska, American Samoa, Japan, Korea, Guam and Saipan.
The 9th MSC is engaged throughout the Asia-Pacific realm, providing trained and ready forces to overseas contingency operations, playing a vital role in approximately 20 U.S. Army Pacific Theater Security Cooperation Program exercises, and providing key battle staff in support of Joint Task Force Homeland Defense.[1]
The 9th Mission Support Command (MSC) was originally designated as the IX Corps (Augmentation) and was organized on January 16, 1962. At that time it was an integral part of the Active Army’s IX Corps. The IX Corps headquarters was first constituted on July 29, 1921 in the Organized Reserves to provide Command to Reserve Units. Though the Corps was not activated, it remained on the organizational rolls of the Army, to be called on when needed. On October 1, 1933, the Corps was moved to the Active Duty roster, though it remained deactivated.
In 1940, it was activated at Ft. Lewis, Washington. It immediately began training of combat units in preparation for deployment. One year later, IX Corps took Command of the Camp Murray staging area in Washington, responsible for training Army National Guard forces, Active Duty and Reserve Units. Following the attack on Pearl Harbor in late 1941, IX Corps was assigned to defensive duties on the West Coast of the United States. In 1944 it was deployed to Leyte Gulf, Philippine Islands, where it was placed in charge of preparing the US Tenth Army for the invasion of Okinawa. In Leyte, IX Corps was tasked with the planning of Operation Olympic, the invasion of the home islands of Japan, specifically the island of Kyushu. After World War II it was assigned to the Eighth U.S. Army for occupation duty in Japan.
The IX Corps was inactivated in March 1950, but was reactivated in August that same year at Ft. Sheridan, Illinois. It was sent to Korea, where it participated in the successful expulsion of communist forces from South Korea. For its outstanding service, the unit was awarded two Republic of Korea Presidential Unit Citations and nine campaign honors. IX Corps fought hard and well in Korea. The unit was on the line the entire conflict and always inflicted more casualties on the enemy than she sustained. Examples of valor and sacrifice were numerous. An example of which is the Distinguished Service Cross won by IX Corps Commander Lieutenant General Reuben E. Jenkins at Chorwon. In 1954, the unit was ordered back to Japan. In 1956, it redeployed to Okinawa to become part of HQ, Ryukyu Islands. In 1961, the IX Corps became a Major Subordinate Command of U.S. Army, Pacific. At that time it was an integral part of the Active Army's IX Corps, and participated in Command Post Exercises with the Corps for its Annual Training. The nature of these exercises in the 1960s was unique in that IX Corps now had a Reserve element in Hawaii and an active duty element in Okinawa. This made for excellent cooperation and coordination between the Army Reserve and the Active Army. The exercises were realistic. Southeast Asia Treaty Organization (SEATO) exercises in Thailand occurred as the Vietnam War was raging. IX Corps Soldiers had a better understanding of the nature of the Vietnam War before the rest of the Army. These exercises included the continuing Yama Sakura with Japan, Coral Sands in which IX Corps troops participated in an amphibious as-sault on Molokai with components of the Active Army and Navy, Trupenamt II, and Triad 81 with Australian and New Zealand Forces.
On April 27, 1987, the Command was re-designated IX Corps (Reinforcement). On October 1, 1995, the Command was renamed 9th U.S. Army Reserve Command following the inactivation of IX Corps, a month earlier at Camp Zama, Japan. The Command moved to its current location at Fort Shafter Flats from Fort DeRussy in December 1997.
The organization experienced several years of reorganization and restructure to establish a more relevant, ready, and indispensable Pacific Army Reserve Force. As a result the Command was re-designated the 9th Regional Support Command on January 31, 1998, then re-designated as the 9th Regional Readiness Command on November 4, 2002 and again re-designated to its current organization as the 9th Mission Support Command (MSC) on April 16, 2008.
The subordinate units of the 9th Mission Support Command in 2017 are:[2]The Fort Nossa Senhora da Queimada  (Portuguese: Forte de Nossa Senhora da Queimada) also knows as Fort of Pessegueiro (Portuguese: Forte do Pessegueiro) is a fort situated along the coast of the civil parish of Porto Covo, municipality of Sines, in the southern Alentejo of Portugal, across from the island of the same name.
In 1588, with the approval of Cardinal Alberto, the Vice-Regal representative, Filippo Terzi initiated construction of the Fort of Nossa Senhora da Queimada, part of a project that also included the building of an artificial port to link the island of Pessegueiro to the mainland.[1][2] Alexandre Massay took Terzi's place in 1590, when construction of the Fort of Santo Alberto (a project which had been proposed two years previously), began on Pessegueiro.[1][2]
The public works were interrupted in 1598, when Massay was transferred to Vila Nova de Milfontes, where he began building a defensive fort along the sandbar of Mira River.[1][2] The project was restarted five years later.[1] Between 1661 and 1690, the fort went through several phases of construction with long pauses before it was eventually completed during the reign of King Peter II near the end of the 17th century, while its twin, the Fort of Santo Alberto, as well as the artificial port, remained incomplete.[1]
The final layout of the fort, which originally had been designed in the Mannerist style, was simplified as a rectangle, suggesting to some historians that the later version was designed by Captain João Rodrigues Mouro.[2][3] In 1755, the famous Lisbon earthquake resulted in damage to the chapel and the batteries situated over the casemates.[1][2] Between 1877 and 1942, the fort was occupied by a contingent of the Fiscal Guard (Guarda Fiscal).[1][2]
Following its abandonment, a project was conceived in 1962 to convert the fort into a hostel, but was never approved or initiated.[1] On 18 July 1957, a decree classified the Fort of Pessegueiro, including the island of the same name, as a national heritage; this classification was clarified by a new decree on 21 December 1974.[1]
Between 1983 and 1985, repairs were made to the exterior parapets of the left bastion and central zone (the former port entrance) by the Direcção Geral dos Edifícios e Monumentos Nacionais (DGEMN).[1] Ruined sections were reconstructed and areas in risk of damage along the exterior walls were reinforced.[1]
The Fort of Pessegueiro is situated along the Atlantic maritime coast, and dominates the beach facing the Fort of Santo Alberto on the island of Pessegueiro.[1] It consists of a star-shaped polygon with two triangular bastions oriented toward land and a polygonal battery towards the beach;[1] these are encircled by relatively low walls.[1][2] The interior of the fort is built on a U-shaped plan, and stepped in terraces. The thick masonry walls, constructed using stone wedges, align with the slope and are topped by a semi-circular railing above the surrounding torus. There are traces of a circular bartizan in the middle of the wall facing the sea.[1] A main gate is situated in the middle of wall on the land side, accessed by a wooden bridge crossing a moat.[1] The fort also has vaulted casemates and bunkers with chimneys enclosed by the walls. The Hermitage of Nossa Senhora da Queimada, which has a vaulted ceiling, lies at the extreme north end of the fort.[1]The men's 200 metre individual medley competition of the swimming events at the 1979 Pan American Games took place on 6 July at the Piscina Olimpica Del Escambron.[1] The last Pan American Games champion was Steve Furniss of US.[2][3][4][5][6][7]
This race consisted of four lengths of the pool, one each in backstroke, breaststroke, butterfly and freestyle swimming.[8]
All times are in minutes and seconds.
The first round was held on July 6.[1]
The final was held on July 6.[1]eXceed (イクシード, Ikusīdo) is a series of Japanese shoot 'em up video games developed by the dōjin circle Tennen-sozai (天然素材) (formerly FLAT). The first game, eXceed, was released in 2005, and the latest game, eXceed3rd JADE PENETRATE BLACK PACKAGE, was released in 2009. The series is localized into English and published by Nyu Media.[1]
The first game of the series. It was released at the Comiket 69 in December 2005.[2] Three characters are playable, Chinatsu Kagaya (加賀谷千夏), Sowel Devosiana (ソウェル・デヴォシアナ) and Miyabi Housen (邦泉雅). A remake version has never been released.
The second game of the series. It was released in 2006. Only one character is playable, Ria File (リア・ファイル). The eXceed 2nd -Vampire REX is a remake version of the second game, developed by Tennen-sozai (branched from FLAT) in December 2007.[3]
The third game of the series. It was developed by Tennen-sozai and released in August 2007.[3] Only one character is playable, Rayne Lindwurm (レイン・リンドブルム). Some famous Japanese voice actresses worked on this game; Yukari Tamura, Nana Mizuki and Shizuka Itō.[4][5] Sound tracks were composed by the dōjin circle Saitama Saishu Heiki (埼玉最終兵器). The eXceed 3rd -JADE PENETRATE BLACK PACKAGE is an expanded version of the third game, released in December 2009.[3] In 2015, it was also released on an online store by Hangame.[6][7]
Captain Samuel Victor Templeton (1900 – 26 July 1942) was an officer in the Australian Army during the Second World War. He is well known for his actions with the 39th Battalion as the commander of 'B' Company during the First Battle of Kokoda and went missing in action on 26 July 1942 near the village of Oivi.
Templeton's Crossing was named in honour of Captain Sam Templeton. It is the first point where the Kokoda Track, from Port Moresby, crossed Eora Creek.[1][2]
Wayne Wetherall, a PNG campaign historian and the founder of the Kokoda Spirit trekking company, travelled to Japan in 2009 to meet Kokichi Nishimura, one of the last survivors of the Japanese 144th Regiment to ask him about Templeton. Templeton's son Reg wanted to know what had happened to his father, as there had been various conflicting stories, none of which were confirmed. Nishimura believed that he had buried Templeton, and said that he had not been present at Templeton's death, but that he had been captured and, when interrogated before Lieutenant Colonel Hatsuo Tsukamoto, commander of the 144th regiment, lied and said, "There are 80,000 Australian soldiers waiting for you in Moresby," and laughed at Tsukamoto, who became enraged and killed him with his sword. Nishimura said that he later found the body with a sword or bayonet blade protruding from its side, and buried it because of the smell. Nishimura returned to PNG in 2010 at 90 years of age, and showed Wetherall the place at which he believed Templeton was buried, but no body was found there.[3]
51°52′43″N 8°26′32″W﻿ / ﻿51.8787°N 8.4422°W﻿ / 51.8787; -8.4422
Douglas Community School, also known as Douglas Com or DCS, is an all boy's community school in Douglas, Cork, Ireland. It was founded as Coláiste Muire by the Presentation Brothers in 1926 as a juniorate[2] (i.e. for lower-cycle secondary students). In 1965 it became a full secondary school.[2] In 1974, it became one of the first "community schools" in Ireland, when it was transferred by the religious order to a local board of management.[3] The Roman Catholic Bishop of Cork's representatives are trustees on the board of management.[2]
Its uniform is a navy jumper with royal blue and yellow stripes at neckline. The school also hosts adult education evening classes.[4]
On 16 October 2017, during Storm Ophelia, the school gym was damaged and its roof was blown off.[5]
This Ireland school-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
USNS Private Francis X. McGraw (T-AK-241) was a Boulder Victory-class cargo ship built at the end of World War II and served the war and its demilitarization as a commercial cargo vessel. From 1946 to 1950 she served the U.S. Army as a transport named USAT Private Francis X. McGraw. In 1950 she was acquired by the United States Navy and assigned to the Military Sea Transportation Service. In 1974 she ended her career and was scrapped.
Private Francis X. McGraw was laid down as SS Wabash Victory (MCV hull 796) by the California Shipbuilding Corporation, Los Angeles, California; launched 6 September 1945; sponsored by Mrs. A. Easterbrook; and delivered to the U.S. Maritime Commission 7 June 1945.
Operated by the Interocean Steamship Company under General Agency Agreement, Wabash Victory carried cargo and passengers to Eniwetok, Ulithi, and Okinawa and, from there, back to the U.S. West Coast between 8 August and 3 November 1945. Employed along the Oregon and California coasts for the next four months, she transited the Panama Canal in mid-March 1946, then headed across the Atlantic Ocean to France. On the 28th, she arrived at Le Havre to begin transporting men and equipment between Europe and the United States.
Two and a half months later, on 14 June 1946, she was transferred to the U.S. War Department but continued her transatlantic runs as an Army transport. Renamed Private Francis X. McGraw, 31 October 1947, the Victory ship remained a unit of the Army Transportation Service until 1 March 1950.
The ship was returned to the U.S. Maritime Commission, she was simultaneously transferred to the Navy, given the designation T–AK–241, and assigned to the newly formed Military Sea Transportation Service (MSTS).  Since that time, Private Francis X. McGraw, manned by a civil service crew, carried supplies and equipment to "far flung" ports for MSTS, Atlantic.
Although primarily rotated between Caribbean, North Sea, and Mediterranean runs, she was, when necessary, and particularly from the mid-1960s into 1970, been diverted from such assignments to carry cargo to Pacific Ocean ports. Pacific assignments included delivery of chemical weapons to Okinawa in 1965 and removing those weapons to Johnston Atoll in 1971 under Operation Red Hat. In 1964 the U.S.N.S. Private Francis X. McGraw was involved in the salvage efforts of the submarine U.S.S. Thresher.
The vessel was decommissioned and struck from the Navy List at unknown dates. She was transferred to the U.S. Maritime Administration on 8 May 1974 and was sold for scrapping on 21 August 1974.
See also, similar role:- Empire ship, Fort ship, Park ship, Ocean ship.Western conservatism is a political orientation[1] prevalent in the Western United States that some might otherwise call libertarian conservatism, Jeffersonian conservatism, or in some circles classical liberalism, typified by politicians like Barry Goldwater,[2][3] Ronald Reagan,[3] Ron and Rand Paul[2][3] and Rick Perry.[4] It has been described as a soft-libertarian ideology that focuses on economic rather than social issues, one which strongly embraces individual freedom and opposes an expanded role for government.[3]
Western conservatives differ from purist libertarians in that most tend to oppose legal abortion believing government bans on the medical procedure to be more of a state and not federal issue; foreign policy in Iraq and Afghanistan ought be driven by a clearly defined mission and exit strategy; and immediate legalization or decriminalization of drugs is not a practical near-term solution.[citation needed]
On the other hand, Western conservatives differ from neoconservatives in that they tend to believe there should be a natural or practical separation of church and state, military presence throughout the world should be significantly less than it is now and that a premium placed on privacy trumps most any rationale behind the USA PATRIOT Act or Real ID Act.[citation needed]
This article about political philosophy or theory is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to the politics of the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Maria Elena "Lina" Romay (January 16, 1919 – December 17, 2010) was an American actress and singer.
She was born in 1919 in Brooklyn, New York, the daughter of Porfirio Romay, then-attache to the Mexican Consulate in Los Angeles.[1]
Romay performed for a time with Xavier Cugat[2] before eventually retiring. She was featured on Cugat Rumba Revue on NBC radio in the early 1940s.[3] In her films, Romay often appeared with Cugat and his orchestra.
Prior to singing with Cugat, she had sung with Horace Heidt's orchestra, billed as Josette, a Frenchwoman.[4]
She was married to John Lawrence Adams, and later was the third wife of Jay Gould III, whom she married on 30 June 1953.[5]
Romay died at age 91 on December 17, 2010, of natural causes at a hospital in Pasadena, California.[6][7]

This article about a United States singer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Association of Prosecuting Attorneys (APA), founded in 2009, is a professional association of elected and appointed prosecutors in the United States. The APA's headquarters are in Washington, D.C.[1]
The APA's defined objectives are to support prosecutors and enhance their ability to perform their duties.[2]
The association's self-stated mission is also "to support and enhance the effectiveness of those in all areas of criminal justice and crime victim organizations in their efforts to create safer communities."[3]
The APA is a registered national nonprofit organization that was founded in 2009.[4]
The APA oversees various programs to support the work of prosecutors in areas such as crime victim assistance, cruelty to animals, animal fighting, national security, gun violence, pre-trial services, juvenile justice, and domestic violence. The association provides training, technical assistance, and access to technology that aide in various prosecutorial functions.[5][6][7]
Additionally, the association serves as an advocate for prosecutors in public policy matters; the APA also has potential partnerships with other justice organizations.[2][5]
The APA has taken notable public stances on matters such as discovery, castle doctrine,[8] gun violence, juvenile justice,[9] pretrial process, continuous alcohol monitoring, and animal cruelty crimes.[10]
The APA is governed by a board of directors and managed by a president and chief executive officer (CEO).[11]
The current chairperson of the board is Jean Peters Baker, Jackson County, Missouri district attorney.[12] The current president and CEO is David LaBahn.[11]The land hemisphere and water hemisphere are the hemispheres of Earth containing the largest possible total areas of land and ocean, respectively. By definition (assuming that the entire surface can be classified as either "land" or "ocean"), the two hemispheres do not overlap.
Determinations of the hemispheres vary slightly. One determination places the centre of the land hemisphere at 47°13′N 1°32′W﻿ / ﻿47.217°N 1.533°W﻿ / 47.217; -1.533 (in the city of Nantes, France).[1] The centre of the water hemisphere is the antipode of the centre of the land hemisphere, and is therefore located at 47°13′S 178°28′E﻿ / ﻿47.217°S 178.467°E﻿ / -47.217; 178.467 (near New Zealand's Bounty Islands in the Pacific Ocean).
An alternative assignment determines the centre of the land hemisphere to be at 47°24′42″N 2°37′15″W﻿ / ﻿47.411667°N 2.620833°W﻿ / 47.411667; -2.620833 (in Île Dumet [fr] near Piriac-sur-Mer, France).[2][3] The centre of the sea hemisphere is located at 47°24′42″S 177°22′45″E﻿ / ﻿47.411667°S 177.379167°E﻿ / -47.411667; 177.379167 (near New Zealand's Bounty Islands in the Pacific Ocean).
The land hemisphere has the substantial majority of the planet's land (80.1 percent), including nearly all of Asia (with Maritime Southeast Asia being the only notable exception) and most of South America. Africa, Europe, and North America are solely within the land hemisphere. However, even in the land hemisphere, the water area still slightly exceeds the land area (with 53 percent water to 47 percent land). This hemisphere is almost identical to the hemisphere containing the greatest human population.[4] The land hemisphere also contains most of Earth's inland waters, including the African Great Lakes, Eurasia's Caspian Sea, the Great Lakes of North America, and Lake Baikal in Siberia.
The water hemisphere has only about one-fifth of the world's land, including Easter Island, the Hawaiian Islands, other Pacific islands, Maritime Southeast Asia, the southern tip of the Indochinese Peninsula, the southern portion of the Malay Peninsula, the Ryukyu Islands, Taiwan, and the Southern Cone of the Americas. Antarctica, Australia, and Zealandia are solely within the water hemisphere. Some sources[1] further divide land into "dry land" and "ice cap". Antarctica provides the water hemisphere with the majority of Earth's ice.
Most of the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Ocean, and the whole Southern Ocean, are in the water hemisphere. The water hemisphere is approximately 89 percent water (almost all pertaining to the World Ocean), 6 percent dry land and 5 percent polar ice cap.[1]
The table below shows Alphonse Berget's estimates of the land area in each continent in the land and water hemispheres.[2]Sveti Štefan (pronounced [ˈsʋeːti ˈʃteːfan]) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Šmarje pri Jelšah in eastern Slovenia. It lies in the hills south of Šmarje in the Kozje region (Slovene: Kozjansko). The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. The municipality is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.[2]
The name of the settlement was changed from Sveti Štefan (literally, 'Saint Stephen') to Vinski Vrh pri Slivnici (literally, 'Wine Peak near Slivnica') in 1955. The name was changed on the basis of the 1948 Law on Names of Settlements and Designations of Squares, Streets, and Buildings as part of efforts by Slovenia's postwar communist government to remove religious elements from toponyms. The name Sveti Štefan was restored in 1994.[3][4][5]
The local parish church, from which the settlement gets its name, is dedicated to Saint Stephen and belongs to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Celje. It is a 15th-century church that was rebuilt in the 17th century.[6]
Notable people that were born or lived in Sveti Štefan include:
This article about the Municipality of Šmarje pri Jelšah in Slovenia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
1 Militia and Special Reserve battalion
2 Territorial and Volunteer battalions
The East Lancashire Regiment was, from 1881 to 1958, a line infantry regiment of the British Army. The regiment was formed in 1881 under the Childers Reforms by the amalgamation of the 30th (Cambridgeshire) Regiment of Foot and 59th (2nd Nottinghamshire) Regiment of Foot with the militia and rifle volunteer units of eastern Lancashire.[1] In 1958 the regiment was amalgamated with the South Lancashire Regiment to form the Lancashire Regiment which was, in 1970, merged with the Loyal Regiment (North Lancashire) to form the Queen's Lancashire Regiment. In 2006, the Queen's Lancashire was further amalgamated with the King's Own Royal Border Regiment and the King's Regiment (Liverpool and Manchester) to form the present Duke of Lancaster's Regiment (King's, Lancashire and Border).
The 1st Battalion was formed from the 30th (Cambridgeshire) Regiment of Foot (raised in 1702) and the 2nd Battalion from the 59th (2nd Nottinghamshire) Regiment of Foot (raised 1755) and the regiment was renamed the East Lancashire Regiment in July 1881.[2]
Under the system introduced in 1881, one battalion of each infantry regiment was to serve at a home station while the other was in a foreign garrison or on active service. Due to the emergency caused by the outbreak of war in South Africa in 1899 most home service battalions were dispatched to the conflict.[1] The 1st East Lancashire Regiment arrived at Cape Town in early February 1900,[3] and remained posted in South Africa until after the war ended, leaving Cape Town again in November 1902.[4]
The 1881 reforms also linked the militia and rifle volunteer units of the area into the regimental structure:
The militia was a reserve force that was only liable to service in the United Kingdom and in peace time assembled for period of annual training. In time of war it could be "embodied" or mobilised. When the war that broke out in South Africa in 1899 began to absorb a large amount of the regular army's resources, the terms of service of the militia were altered to allow them to serve in the war. The 3rd Battalion was embodied in January 1900 and served in South Africa until 1902. It was disembodied in March 1902. The battalion was awarded the battle honour "South Africa 1900–1902".[5]
The volunteer battalions were organised for home defence purposes, and their members were subject to regular drills and training. Like the militia battalion, elements of the volunteers fought in South Africa. While members of the Volunteer Force could not be required to serve overseas, members from the battalions were voluntarily formed into Active Service Companies, providing reinforcements for the regular battalion. Both volunteer battalions were awarded battle honours for the war.[6][7]
In 1908, under the Territorial and Reserve Forces Act 1907 the militia and volunteer force were reconstituted as the "Special Reserve" and "Territorial Force" (TF). Territorial battalions were renumbered in series after the special reserve battalions. The resulting titles were:
The Territorial Force was restructured into 14 infantry divisions, and the 4th and 5th battalions formed part of the East Lancashire Brigade of the East Lancashire Division. It was as part of that division that were to be mobilised in August 1914 after the outbreak of World War I.[6]
The size of the regiment was increased during the conflict, reaching a total of 17 battalions.[8]
Four members of the regiment were awarded the Victoria Cross for gallantry:
Between the Wars the East Lancs served in many conflicts including Baluchistan, Afghanistan, Ireland, Turkey, Palestine and the North West Frontier of India.[9]
The East Lancashire Regiment was again increased in size for the duration of the Second World War, although not to such an extent as in 1914–1918. Firstly, prior to the outbreak of hostilities in 1939, the entire Territorial Army was doubled in size, with each unit forming a duplicate. Secondly, a number of wartime battalions were formed.[1]
Captain Harold Marcus Ervine-Andrews of the 1st Battalion was awarded the Victoria Cross for gallantry at Dunkirk on 31 May – 1 June 1940.[15]
In 1948 the regiment was reduced to a regular battalion which served in the Middle East, Malaya, the Suez Canal Zone, India and Aden.[16] In 1957 defence cuts were announced that significantly reduced the size of the army. As a result, the East Lancashire Regiment was amalgamated with The South Lancashire Regiment on 1 July 1958 to form The Lancashire Regiment (Prince of Wales's Volunteers). In 1970 the Lancashire Regiment was in turn amalgamated with the Loyal Regiment (North Lancashire) to form the Queen's Lancashire Regiment.[17] In 2006 the Queen's Lancashire Regiment was merged with the King's Own Royal Border Regiment and King's Regiment (Liverpool and Manchester) to form a new large regiment, the Duke of Lancaster's Regiment (King's, Lancashire and Border).[18]
The Lancashire Infantry Museum is based at Fulwood Barracks in Preston.[19]
When the two regiments of foot merged in 1881, new badges were designed that would endure for the rest of the regiment's existence, subject to changes in the style of crown, and which would be worn on the later service dress and battle dress uniforms. The headdress badge selected for the centre of the full dress helmet was a sphinx upon a plinth inscribed "EGYPT".[20] The sphinx had been awarded to the 30th Foot in 1802 to mark its participation in repelling the French invasion of Egypt.[21] The collar badge selected was the Red Rose of Lancaster to mark the regiment's county affiliation.[22] In 1897 a khaki uniform featuring a slouch hat was introduced, and a metal cap badge was devised for each regiment or corps. The badge of the East Lancs was the sphinx and "Egypt" above the rose, the whole enclosed within a laurel wreath topped by a crown. The laurel wreath had formed part of the insignia of the 59th Foot. A scroll inscribed "EAST LANCASHIRE" at the base of the badge completed the design.[20]
The regiment was awarded the following battle honours (those selected for display on the colour are indicated in bold):[1]
Colonels of the regiment were:[1]
The 2013 Bank of America 500 was a NASCAR Sprint Cup Series stock car race held on October 12, 2013, at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina. Contested over 334 laps on the 1.5-mile (2.4 km) asphalt quad-oval, it was the thirty-first race of the 2013 Sprint Cup Series season, as well as the fifth race in the ten-race Chase for the Sprint Cup, which ends the season. Brad Keselowski won the race, his first of the season, while Kasey Kahne finished second and Matt Kenseth finished third. This was the first time since October 2011 that a Chase race was "spoiled" by a non-Chase driver.
This race also marked the first Cup Series start for 2021 champion, Kyle Larson.
(R) - Denotes rookie driver.
(i) - Denotes driver who is ineligible for series driver points.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. helped to enhance fuel injection research for NASCAR as he was leading lap 34 out of 334. His contribution to the fledgling technology came in the form of driving the one-millionth mile with an electronic fuel injection system.[2]

Matthew Simpson (born 10 August 1984) is a New Zealand former professional tennis player.[1]
Simpson, a Saint Kentigern College product, is the son of tennis player Jeff Simpson. His uncle Russell Simpson also played on the international circuit.[2]
In 2007 he made his Davis Cup debut for a tie against the Philippines in Auckland, where he was beaten in a dead rubber reverse singles match by Patrick John Tierro.[3]Ahmed Saif (born 1 January 1983) is a Qatari former professional snooker player. He was the first professional player from Qatar. Saif was a professional between 2013 and 2015, reaching a highest ranking of 113 in the world.
Saif as an amateur represented the Qatari national snooker team at the 2002, 2006 and 2010[2] Asian Games, 2009 and 2013 Asian Indoor Games. Saif had success in the 2011 Pan Arab Games where he won a silver medal in the snooker singles, losing to Iraqi Firas Al-Shamini in the final, he also won a bronze in the team event alongside Ali Al Obaidly and Mohsen Bukshaisha.
Saif also appeared as a wildcard in 2008 Bahrain Championship, where he lost 5–1 to Robert Milkins in the wildcard round.[3][4] He also appeared in the opening two Players Tour Championship events in the 2010/2011 season, however he lost both of them 4–0 to Andrew Higginson and Jamie Clarke.
Saif entered the 2013 Q School in an attempt to become Qatar's first professional snooker player. In the first event he beat fellow countryman Mohsen Bukshaisha, before falling to Shane Castle in the last 64. However, with wins over Zack Richardson, Duane Jones, Michael Georgiou, Antony Parsons and Jamie Clarke in the second event, Saif reached the semi-final stages and won a place on the main tour for the 2013–14 and 2014–15 seasons.[2][5]
Saif was to endure a difficult debut season as a professional, as he failed to win a single match, winning only fourteen frames in fourteen matches, six of which came in his 10–6 loss to Scott Donaldson in the 2014 World Snooker Championship first qualifying round. He finished the season ranked 130.[6]
Saif's first match win as a professional came in January 2015 at the minor-ranking Xuzhou Open over Chinese amateur Long Yun.[7] Later, he achieved his first win in a full ranking event, beating Anthony Hamilton 4–0 at the 2015 Welsh Open, closing out the match with a 95 break which is the highest of his career in competitive play.[8] However, Saif was whitewashed in the next round 4–0 by Alan McManus.[7] He ended his stint on the tour ranked world number 117 and failed to come through Q School in an attempt to win his place back.[9]
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Barron County, Wisconsin. It is intended to provide a comprehensive listing of entries in the National Register of Historic Places that are located in Barron County, Wisconsin.  The locations of National Register properties for which the latitude and longitude coordinates are included below may be seen in a map.[1]
There are 10 properties and districts listed on the National Register in the county. Another property was once listed but has been removed.
This National Park Service list is complete through NPS recent listings posted February 21, 2025.[2]
Download coordinates as:Concepción del Oro is one of the 58 municipalities in the Mexican state of Zacatecas. It is located on the northern part of the state and it is bounded by the municipalities of Mazapil and El Salvador; it also lies next to the states of Coahuila and San Luis Potosí. The municipality covers a total surface area of 2,559 square kilometers (988 sq mi).[2]
In the 2005 census Concepción del Oro reported a population of 11,857.[1] Of these, 6,653 lived in the municipal seat and the remainder lived in surrounding rural communities.
Concepción del Oro is located on the northern part of the state and it is bounded by the municipalities of Mazapil and El Salvador; it also lies next to the states of Coahuila and San Luis Potosí. The municipality covers a total surface area of 2,559 square kilometers (988 sq mi).
Agriculture is one of the main economical activities in Concepción del Oro, it is based in temporary harvesting of mainly: beans, maize, oats, barley and wheat.[citation needed]Sok Chanphal (Khmer: សុខ ចាន់ផល; born August 27, 1984) is a Cambodian songwriter who got the S.E.A. Write Award in 2013.[1]

This Cambodian music-related biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Río Jatibonico del Norte is a river of northern Cuba.
22°23′N 78°56′W﻿ / ﻿22.383°N 78.933°W﻿ / 22.383; -78.933

This article related to a river in Cuba is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The 2013 Dutch Artistic Gymnastic Championships were held in Rotterdam.[1] Vera van Pol won the all-around.[1]
This article about sports in the Netherlands is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ethel Borden Harriman (December 11, 1897 – July 4, 1953) was an American heiress, actress, and author who worked as a screenwriter at MGM and RKO during the 1930s.
Ethel Harriman was born into a wealthy New York family in 1897. Her father, J. Borden Harriman, was a banker, and her mother, Florence "Daisy" Hurst, was a suffragist and diplomat who served as the Minister to Norway after her father's death.[1][2]
Her paternal grandparents were Laura (née Low) Harriman and banker Oliver Harriman. Her maternal grandparents were Caroline Eliza (née Jaffray) Hurst and F. W. J. Hurst, who became wealthy in the cross-Atlantic shipping business.[3]
Ethel served with the Women's Ambulance Service in France during World War I, and afterward spent two years as an actress in a theatrical stock company.[4][5]
She played Grace Torrence in a 1933 production of Design For Living and began writing screenplays after being encouraged to do so by playwright Noël Coward.[4] She published a comedic book, Romantic, I Call It, in 1926, and took on writing assignments in Hollywood at MGM, penning films like They Wanted to Marry and I Live My Life under the name Ethel Borden.[a][7][8] She continued to act in the 1930s, appearing in productions such as the Ziegfeld Follies.[6] She is credited by the Broadway Internet Database as translating Hedda Gabler in 1942,[9] and writing Anne of England in 1941.  Ancestry census records for 1940 show her living with the 46 year old Mary Cass Canfield (author of the one act play Lackeys of the Moon) in Nassau, New York, and they were both hired by Broadway producer Gilbert Miller, so the 2 women probably collaborated on Anne of England and other works for Miller.
In 1918 Ethel married stockbroker Henry Potter Russell (1893–1943) in the American Cathedral in Paris on the Avenue de l'Alma.[10] The "quiet wartime ceremony" was only attended by a few "intimate friends, among them Ambassador and Mrs. Sharp, Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt, and General Lewis. Mrs. Vincent Astor of New York served as matron of honor and Lieutenant Minot was best man." Henry was a son of Charles H. Russell of New York.[11] Before their divorce in 1925, they were the parents of:[1][2]
Later in her life, Borden was in a long-term relationship with the British novelist Pamela Frankau.[14][15]
She died of leukemia on July 4, 1953, aged 55, in New York City.[16][3]
Media related to Ethel Borden at Wikimedia CommonsThe 2011 Linafoot season was the 50th season of Top League Linafoot in DR Congo. Defending champions are AS Vita from Kinshasa. Seventeen teams entered the competition. TP Mazembe won the championship.[1]
A new format was introduced. In contrast to the previous season, the final round is made up of eight teams in one group. In 2010 eight teams were divided into two groups of four with the top two finishers advancing to yet another group stage. The winner of the group of 8 will be the champion.[2]
[3]
In the preliminary round 12 teams in three groups played a double round robin. The group winners advanced to the next round.
In the final round the three teams from the preliminary round join the top four placed teams from last season and 2010 Cup winner DC Motema Pembe. The eight teams play a double round robin, that is each team plays 14 matches.[2]
Mastigodryas pleii, the Plee's tropical  racer, is a species of snake found in Panama, Colombia, and Venezuela.[2]
Paul Nicolas (2 July 1914 – 23 July 2002) was a French boxer. He competed in the men's bantamweight event at the 1932 Summer Olympics.[1] He died in Perpignan in July 2002 at the age of 88.[2]

This biographical article related to a French boxer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Stocklinch is a village and civil parish 3.5 miles (6 km) north-east of Ilminster in the South Somerset district of Somerset, England.
The village is one Somerset's nine Thankful Villages (from a total of 52 villages in England and Wales),[2] in which all the men who served in World War I came home, and one of only 14 doubly thankful villages in the country as it also did not lose any soldiers in World War II.[3]
The parish council has responsibility for local issues, including setting an annual precept (local rate) to cover the council's operating costs and producing annual accounts for public scrutiny. The parish council evaluates local planning applications and works with the local police, district council officers, and neighbourhood watch groups on matters of crime, security, and traffic. The parish council's role also includes initiating projects for the maintenance and repair of parish facilities, as well as consulting with the district council on the maintenance, repair, and improvement of highways, drainage, footpaths, public transport, and street cleaning. Conservation matters (including trees and listed buildings) and environmental issues are also the responsibility of the council.
The village falls within the Non-metropolitan district of South Somerset, which was formed on 1 April 1974 under the Local Government Act 1972, having previously been part of Chard Rural District.[4] The district council is responsible for local planning and building control, local roads, council housing, environmental health, markets and fairs, refuse collection and recycling, cemeteries and crematoria, leisure services, parks, and tourism.
Somerset County Council is responsible for running the largest and most expensive local services such as education, social services, libraries, main roads, public transport, policing and fire services, trading standards, waste disposal and strategic planning.
It is also part of the Yeovil county constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one member of parliament by the first past the post system of election.
The Church of St Mary Magdalene dates from the 13th century and has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade I listed building,[5] while the Church of St Mary the Virgin, which is of the same vintage, is Grade II* listed.[6] In 1931 the two parishes they served, Stocklinch Ottersey and Stocklinch Magdalen, were combined into one parish.[7]Kulim is a state constituency in Kedah, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Kedah State Legislative Assembly. It has been represented by Member of the State Executive Council (EXCO) Wong Chia Zhen of Perikatan Nasional (PN) since 2023.
According to the gazette issued on 30 March 2018, the Kulim constituency has a total of 23 polling districts.[2]














This Malaysian elections-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Ted Wheeler
Democratic
Tobias Read
Democratic
The 2016 Oregon State Treasurer election was held on November 8, 2016, to elect the Oregon State Treasurer. Incumbent treasurer Ted Wheeler (D) is term-limited and successfully ran for mayor of Portland. Tobias Read (D) was elected to succeed him.
[3]
[3]
[3]
Boyd's Windmill, also known as Boyd's Wind Grist Mill, is a historic smock mill at Paradise Valley Park on Prospect Avenue in Middletown, Rhode Island.  John Peterson built the windmill at the corner of Mill Lane and West Main Rd. in Portsmouth, Rhode Island in 1810, and William Boyd purchased it in 1815. It originally had four common sails, but four more were added by the family.  The mill is a timber-frame structure, octagonal in shape, and about 30 feet (9.1 m) tall, with a rotating cap powered by eight vanes with canvas sheets.  The grindstones in the middle of the mill are Fall River granite; the upper one, which is connected to the power mechanisms, rotates six times for each turn of the mill's main shaft.  In 1916 Benjamin Boyd removed the original vanes and powered the mill using a gasoline engine.  It is one of only two historic windmills (out of what was estimated to be more than thirty) to survive on Aquidneck Island.[2]
Boyd's Mill features prominently on the town seal of Middletown.[3]
The windmill was restored by the Middletown Historical Society after receiving it as a donation in 1990 and moving it to Paradise Valley Park in Middletown.  The windmill is open to the public on Sunday afternoons in July, August and September.
It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.[1]
Anthophila decolorana is a moth in the family Choreutidae. It was described by Aleksandr Sergeievich Danilevsky [uk] in 1969.[1][2] It is known from Georgia.[1]

This article on a moth of the family Choreutidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Yulia Yosephine Susanto (born 19 October 1993) is an Indonesian badminton player.[1] She reach her first final at the Iran Fajr International but lost to Tasnim Mir.[2] She won her first title at the Malaysia International defeating Malaysian player Letshanaa Karupathevan.[3]
In June 2023, Yulia competed at the Taipei Open but lost in the first round.[4][5] In September, she lost at the first round of Indonesia Masters Super 100 I from Chinese Taipei player Huang Yu-hsun.[6]
Women's singles

This biographical article relating to Indonesian badminton is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Have You Seen Drum Recently? is a 1989 film which uses photographs from the Drum archives to tell the story of the magazine and documents its contribution to the cultural and political life of South Africa.
In the 1950s, Drum focused on urban blacks living in a white-dominated apartheid world. It contained articles about the township jazz scene, crime, fiction and sport and documented the hopes, aspirations and despair of the urban, educated black sophisticate.
Directed by Jürgen Schadeberg, the film includes such images as Oliver Tambo as a lawyer, Trevor Huddleston demonstrating against the demolition of Sophiatown, Nelson Mandela sparring in the boxing ring, Chief Luthuli the Nobel Prize winner and the singer Miriam Makeba.
The background music is based on the music of the 1950s, including big band, jazz, swing, kwela and penny whistle.

This South African film-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Radio 24 is an Italian national radio station mainly devoted to news, founded on 4 October 1999. It is owned by the editorial group Gruppo 24 ORE, which also owns the newspaper Il Sole 24 Ore.


This article about a radio station in Europe is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about mass media in Italy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Matías Fernando Vera (born 20 August 1998) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Lanús.
A youth product of Lanús, Vera joined Barracas Central on loan in 2019 but returned to Lanús in an emergency when they lost their other rightbacks.[1] He made his professional debut with Lanús in a 2-0 Argentine Primera División loss to Aldosivi on 24 January 2020.[2]
At the end of August 2021, Vera joined Gimnasia Mendoza on loan.[3] However, he didn't play much due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In February 2021, Vera was loaned out to Los Andes for the rest of the year.[4]
Vera is the younger brother of the footballer Lucas Vera.[5]Saidi Expressway is an expressway in western Tehran. It starts from Azadi Square and passes Fath Square, Qazvin Street, Yaftabad Street and Zam-zam Square. Then it goes to southwest towards Azadegan Expressway and Saveh Road.
Karima Brown (1967 – 4 March 2021) was a South African journalist. She worked in a variety of positions, being the political editor for national daily newspaper Business Day and launching Forbes Women Africa. She was also known for a court case she took against the Economic Freedom Fighters.
Born in Cape Town and educated at Salt River High School,[1] Brown was the daughter of Achmat Semaar, a community leader in Mitchell's Plain and an ANC activist.[2] She followed him into political activism joining the Cape Youth Congress and the South African Students Congress while studying at the University of the Western Cape.[3] She was later a member of the United Democratic Front.[4]
During her career as a respected South African journalist, she served as Business Day's political editor, presented the Karima Brown show on Radio 702, was group executive editor at Independent Newspapers and launched Forbes Women Africa. Shortly prior to her death, she hosted a current affairs show on eNCA called The Fix.
As a member of the ANC, as well as a journalist, she occasionally attracted controversy.[2] In October 2006 an internal commission at the SABC agreed with veteran journalist John Perlman that the broadcasting corporation had an arbitrary blacklist of political commentators. The commission of inquiry, headed by Zwelakhe Sisulu and Gilbert Marcus, found that Brown had been blacklisted alongside Aubrey Matshiqi, William Gumede, Paula Slier, Sipho Seepe, Moeletsi Mbeki, Elinor Sisulu, and Trevor Ncube.[5] In 2019 she won a court case against the Economic Freedom Fighters, suing after she received threatening messages when Julius Malema published her cellphone number on social media.[4] The Johannesburg High Court found that the party contravened the electoral code and Brown welcomed the ruling as a “victory for media freedom, a victory against sexism, and [a] victory for women in journalism and protection and freedom of the media”.[6]
Brown died from COVID-19 on 4 March 2021, at the age of 54, during the COVID-19 pandemic in South Africa. She was buried on the same day according to Islamic religion.[7] The South African government paid tribute to her saying that "her contribution to the journalistic profession and fearlessness in carrying out her job will sorely be missed."[4]
Phacoides is a genus of bivalves belonging to the family Lucinidae. [1] [2]
The genus has cosmopolitan distribution.[2]Tappeh-ye Hoseyn Khan (Persian: تپه حسينخان, also Romanized as Tappeh-ye Ḩoseyn Khān)[1] is a village in Sanjabi Rural District, Kuzaran District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, it had a population of 123, living in 29 families.[2]
This Kermanshah County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Download coordinates as:
The National Natural Landmarks in Alaska include 16 of the almost 600 National Natural Landmarks (NNLs) in the United States. They cover areas of geological and biological importance, and include craters, volcanoes, glaciers, lakes, islands and habitats for several rare species. The first set of five designations was made in 1967, while the most recent were made when two new sites were designated in 1976.[1] Six landmarks are found within the Unorganized Borough, while the rest are located in organized boroughs; Aleutians East Borough holds the most, with four. Natural Landmarks in Alaska range from 170 to 1,800,000 acres (69 to 728,434 ha; 0.27 to 2,812.50 sq mi) in size. Owners include private individuals and several state and federal agencies.[2]
The National Natural Landmarks Program is administered by the National Park Service, a branch of the Department of the Interior. The National Park Service determines which properties meet NNL criteria and, after notifying the owners, makes nomination recommendations. The Secretary of the Interior reviews nominations and, based on a set of predetermined criteria, makes a decision on NNL designation or a determination of eligibility for designation. Both public and privately owned properties can be designated as NNLs. Owners may object to the nomination of the property as a NNL.[3] This designation provides indirect, partial protection of the historic integrity of the properties via tax incentives, grants, monitoring of threats, and other means.[4]Marcelle Duc (22 March 1917 – 23 November 2014), known professionally as Hélène Duc, was a French actress. She appeared in Edward and Caroline (1951), Je sais rien, mais je dirai tout (1973), and Tanguy (2001).
Duc played the role of Mahaut, Countess of Artois in the 1972 miniseries Les Rois maudits,[1][2] and later played Marguerite de Bouville in the 2005 adaptation of the same novels.[1][3]
In 1983, she performed at the Théâtre de la Gaîté-Montparnasse in a production of Chienne Dactylographe. She was named an officer of the Legion of Honour and Righteous Among the Nations in 2005.[2]
Duc was married to René Catroux, with whom she had two daughters.[1][4]

This article about a French actor is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Texhoma Independent School District is a public school district based in Texhoma, Texas (USA).
Located in Sherman County, the district extends into a small portion of Hansford County.
The district operates one school serving grades K-4.  Due to its isolated location on the border of the Texas Panhandle and the Oklahoma Panhandle, the district operates under an unusual arrangement with Texhoma Public Schools, a public school district located in adjacent Texhoma, Oklahoma.  All students residing in Texhoma ISD and Texhoma Public Schools, attend school in Texhoma ISD for grades K-4, then attend school in Texhoma Public Schools for grades 5-12.  As such, graduating students can attend public universities in either Oklahoma or Texas and be eligible for in-state tuition in either state.[1]
In 2014, the school district was rated "met standard" by the Texas Education Agency.[2]

This article about a school district in Texas is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Echoes of Life: What Fossil Molecules Reveal about Earth History is a book by Susan M. Gaines, Geoffrey Eglinton, and Jurgen Rullkotter concerning organic chemistry and, in particular, the links between the living and the material Earth. It was published by Oxford University Press in 2008.
Echoes of Life chronicles the history of the discipline of organic geochemistry. In early experiments, Alfred E. Treibs identified organic molecules, which he extracted from various samples, as chemically altered chlorophyll.  He explained the chlorophyll as having come from plants that died millions of years ago. Since Treibs' discovery, thousands of biomarkers (a term coined 25 years after Treibs' discovery) have been identified.[1]
Chapter one, entitled Molecular Informants: A Changing Perspective of Organic Chemistry, gives a brief overview on the history of organic chemistry and explores the possibilities inherent in the science. It also describes how the authors first became interested in the subject and the work they have done within the field.[2]
Chapter two entitled Looking to the Rocks: Molecular Clues to the Origin of Life looks at the findings of Sir Robert Robinson and Melvin Calvin discoveries of organic compounds in petrol and the conversion of CO2 to organic molecules during photosynthesis. Early experiments had shown that organic compounds can form spontaneously under conditions similar to the pre-biotic era of Earth.[3] These findings led to speculation on the possible discovery on the origins of life. The chapter ends with the authors saying as a precursor to the next chapter
If it was hard to resist the mystique and romance of three-billion-year-old rocks that might contain clues to the origin of life on Earth, it was even harder to resist a hunt for signs of life or its precursors on other planets—if only for the thrill of seeing and handling their rocks.[3]
Chapter three entitled From the Moon to Mars: The Search for Extraterrestrial Life. A Carbonaceous Meteorite which was found in Hungary in 1857, which was examined by Friedrich Wöhler was found to have organic compounds which he believed were Extraterrestrial in origin. The book moves on to Marcellin Berthelot who in 1864 claimed to have found "petroleum-like hydrocarbons" in a meteorite found near Orgueil. Louis Pasteur also ran experiments on this meteor and concluded it was sterile and not capable of generating life. The discovery of the Murchison meteorite also led to the finding of 70 amino acids most of which are not native to Earth's biosphere. The authors look into the work done on samples brought back from the Apollo program missions. Geoffrey Eglinton one of the authors had been given a sample and although he knew there had never been life on the Moon they had hoped to find organic compounds. None were found within those samples, which led to disappointment. These findings led the authors to speculate on the possibility of answering the question of whether there has ever been life on Mars and if future missions will bring back viable samples for testing.[4]
The book has received positive reviews in specialist scientific journals such as Astrobiology[5] and from the Astrobiology Society of Britain.[6]
Bill Green, writing in Chemical & Engineering News, called it "a remarkable book" and a "highly readable introduction to the field of organic geochemistry and that it also manages to capture the deep sense of curiosity and wonder associated with scientific investigation.".[7]
In BioScience, Karen Bushaw-Newton said that "those who are looking to broaden their knowledge of the connections between chemical compounds and the diversity of life, will find Echoes of Life well worth reading."[8]
Katherine H. Freeman writing for Science said that "the authors interweave an account of the development of biomarker research and sketches of what these fossil organic molecules tell us about the histories of Earth and life".[9]
Coleophora glaseri is a moth of the family Coleophoridae. It is found in the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Austria, Hungary and Bulgaria.
The larvae feed on Genista tinctoria. They create a dark brown, ribbed, tubular silken case of about 7 mm length. It has a mouth angle of about 50°.[2]

This article on a moth of the family Coleophoridae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Changan PSA (officially Changan PSA Automobiles Co., Ltd., informally CAPSA) was an automobile company headquartered in Shenzhen, China, a 50:50 joint venture between Changan Automobile and Groupe PSA. Its principal activity was the manufacture and sale of DS Automobiles branded passenger cars for China.
Changan PSA was Groupe PSA's second automobile joint venture in China, after Dongfeng Peugeot-Citroën.[1] Centering on a newly built production base in Shenzhen, it had an annual production capacity of 200,000 vehicles.[2]
In 2010, Changan and Groupe PSA agreed to establish a 50:50 joint venture to produce passenger cars for the Chinese market,[3] and final approval for the project was gained in 2011.[4]
Manufacturing commenced in 2014, with China specific DS models; the DS 5, the DS 5LS first and then the DS 6WR.[5]
The venture got consistently poor sales, leading to production levels below capacity. It was dissolved in 2020 after both Changan and Groupe PSA agreed to transfer their respective stakes to the Baoneng Group.[6]
The newly restructured venture was renamed Shenzhen Baoneng Motor.[7]
DS sales in China rose sharply to 26,000 units in 2014, driven by a premium offering composed of the DS 5, DS 5LS and DS 6. All three models are produced in Shenzhen and were launched in a single year.
At the same time, the brand is busy developing its distribution network, with 80 DS Stores covering the 60 largest Chinese cities.
China currently accounts for 22% of DS registrations globally, compared with just 2% in 2013.[8]
Lilium martagon, the martagon lily[2] or Turk's cap lily, is a Eurasian species of lily. It has a widespread native region extending from Portugal east through Europe and Asia as far east as Mongolia.[1][3][4][5][6][7][8][9]
It is stem-rooting, growing between 1 metre (3 ft 3 in) and 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) tall. The flower colour is typically a pink-purple, with dark spots, but is quite variable, extending from near white to near black. The flowers are scented. Numerous flowers are borne on each plant, and up to 50 can be found on vigorous plants. The green stems can be flushed with purple or red and the leaves are elliptic to inverse lanceolate, mostly in whorls, up to 16 centimetres (6.3 in) long and often lightly hairy underneath.[10][11]
Numerous names have been proposed at the levels of subspecies and varieties. Only two are recognized by the World Checklist.[1]
Horticulturally it is in Division IX (true species).
This plant[12] has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.[13]
Lilium martagon was used in hybridising with L. hansonii at the end of the 19th century by Mrs RO Backhouse of Hereford, England.[14]
The name Turk's cap lily, also applied to a number of other species, comes from the characteristic reflexed shape of the petals.[15] The specific epithet martagon is of uncertain origin.[16] It has been suggested by one scholar (J.W. Redhouse (1892), that the word is of Ottoman Turkish origin, as mārtağān - a special kind of turban adopted by Sultan Muhammed.[17] However, the word is not found in modern Turkish.
Lilium martagon, like many in the genus, is highly toxic to cats and ingestion often leads to fatal kidney failure;[18][19][20] households and gardens which are visited by cats are strongly advised against keeping this plant or placing dried flowers where a cat may brush against them and become dusted with pollen which they then consume while cleaning. Suspected cases require urgent veterinary attention.[21] Rapid treatment with activated charcoal and/or induced vomiting can reduce the amount of toxin absorbed (this is time-sensitive so in some cases vets may advise doing it at home), and large amounts of fluid by IV can reduce damage to kidneys to increase the chances of survival.[21]
Cuphodes plexigrapha is a moth of the family Gracillariidae. It is known from Bihar and Tamil Nadu, India.[1]
The larvae feed on Caesalpinia species, including Cajanus cajan and Cajanus indicus. They probably mine the leaves of their host plant.

This article relating to moths in subfamily Gracillariinae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Nick Murray is an American drummer. He is best known as a member of the garage rock band White Fence, and as a former member of Thee Oh Sees, with whom he recorded two studio albums. Murray has also been a frequent collaborator of Tim Presley (White Fence), as well as Welsh singer-songwriter Cate Le Bon, contributing to her solo album, Mug Museum (2013) and with 'DRINKS' (2015), a collaborative project with White Fence's Tim Presley and Cate Le Bon.[1]
Murray has also toured with Mikal Cronin and Gold Star.
In late 2009, Murray joined The Young Veins[2] and served as the drummer until the indefinite hiatus announced by bandmate Jon Walker on Twitter, December 10, 2010.[3]
Growing up in Minneapolis, Minnesota, Murray initially began learning drums at the age of eleven, so he could form a band with his brother: "For the first two years of playing all I had was a snare drum with a mute on it. I learned a lot just on one drum. Until I had a full kit, I set up boxes in place of the missing drums and referenced setups I saw on MTV."[4]
Murray's early influences are Jimi Hendrix Experience's Mitch Mitchell, Sonic Youth's Steve Shelley, and The Smashing Pumpkins' Jimmy Chamberlin.[4]
John Dwyer / Nick Murray / Brad Caulkins / Tomas Dolas / Greg Coates
PAINT
Damaged Bug
Shannon Lay
Thee Oh Sees
OCS
Curtis Harding
Drinks
White Fence
Cate Le Bon
Devon Williams
Rose for Bohdan
Edward Wiskoski (January 10, 1945 – January 22, 2025) was an American professional wrestler. He was best known for his appearances in the American Wrestling Association under the ring name Colonel DeBeers from 1985 to 1990.[1]
Wiskoski was born in St. Joseph, Missouri, in 1945.[1] He was the first member of his family to graduate from college, attending Northwest Missouri State University.
After being trained by Harley Race and Lord Littlebrook, Wiskoski debuted in 1972. Wiskoski primarily wrestled in the Portland, Oregon area during his career. His teaming with "Playboy" Buddy Rose was famous across the West Coast, holding the Pacific Northwest Tag Team titles on multiple occasions, and the NWA World Tag Team titles (San Francisco version).[1] Wiskoski was also the United States Heavyweight champion and Pacific Northwest Heavyweight champion.[1]
He held the Central States Heavyweight title in 1975[1] and regularly visited Germany and Austria in the late 1970s and early 1980s for the season of tournaments run by the IBV (the future CWA) and its older rival, the VDB. He worked as a heel for Leroy McGuirk in the Tulsa, Oklahoma area in the early 1980s. He was known as "Easy" Ed Wiskoski[1] and was managed by Skandor Akbar. They feuded with Tommy Gilbert and his son, Eddie Gilbert. He also wrestled a few matches in the WWF as the Polish Prince in 1983, managed by Fred Blassie.
During one of his many tours of the Pacific Northwest territory (where he eventually retired), Wiskoski took up the gimmick of Mega Maharishi Imed (the last name being pronounced 'Ahmed', the joke being that it is 'I'm Ed').[1] This character played upon potentially the hottest topic in the state of Oregon in the early to mid-1980s, that of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh and his group of followers essentially raising their own city in Eastern Oregon, outside the town of Antelope, and ending with the 1984 Rajneeshee bioterror attack on the small town of The Dalles, Oregon, causing the sickening of about 750 people from salmonella poisoning, though no deaths. Wiskoski played the role to the hilt, growing out his facial hair, donning red robes and a stocking cap, much like the Bhagwan himself. During this time he managed Kendo Nagasaki.
Wiskoski was best known as Colonel DeBeers in the American Wrestling Association (AWA) from 1985 until the organization stopped promoting in late 1990. His interviews and persona were based on a pro-Apartheid mentality and he played on the fragile race relations and political climate of South Africa at the time. He was billed as being from Cape Town, South Africa, though he bore no accent whatsoever. It was never directly mentioned, but his name was meant to link his status and wealth to the South Africa-based diamond mining and trading corporation, the DeBeers Group. DeBeers also wrestled in Herb Abrams' Universal Wrestling Federation and various promotions across the West Coast.
During his stint in the AWA he feuded with "Big" Scott Hall[1] and "Superfly" Jimmy Snuka[1] in 1986, Sgt. Slaughter in 1988, briefly with Derrick Dukes in 1989, and jobber Jake Milliman throughout 1990. DeBeers feud with Snuka was notorious in that, even in an industry known for characters based on racial stereotypes, DeBeers's overt racism was still shocking. DeBeers essentially refused to wrestle Snuka because he was not white. After a series of standoffs between the two, the feud was magnified after an injury angle where DeBeers interfered in a match with Snuka, throwing him off the top rope to the floor and delivering several piledrivers on the floor, resulting in a bloody and battered Snuka being wheeled off on a stretcher. This led to a series of high-profile matches with Snuka.
DeBeers and Milliman competed in, quite possibly, one of the most infamous matches in the history of wrestling while in the AWA. In the company's dying months, the AWA created the Team Challenge Series (TCS) to try to attract more viewers. One of the matches in the TCS pitted DeBeers and Milliman in the Great American Turkey Hunt, a match where the object was to be the first to pull an uncooked turkey off of a pole tied to one corner of the ring. DeBeers was the first to grab the turkey, although the referee had been knocked out. Milliman pulled a fast one and stole the turkey from DeBeers just before the referee got back up, and was awarded the victory. Also in the AWA in 1988, DeBeers was briefly managed by Diamond Dallas Page,[4] the leader of the Diamond Exchange stable, and his Diamond Dolls.[3] During that short time, he would try to force his opponent to leave on a stretcher.
While in Herb Abrams' UWF, DeBeers became involved in more controversy based on race, this time involving referee Larry Sampson, an African-American. After a match with Louie Spicolli, DeBeers attempted to attack Sampson before Iceman Parsons came to the save and became involved in a short feud with DeBeers. He also demanded that Sampson be replaced before his match with Billy Jack Haynes stating "I will not have a black man refereeing my matches". Despite Haynes' attempts to have Sampson reinstated DeBeers' request was granted and he was replaced by Jesse Hernandez. After a separate match with Haynes, DeBeers attacked Sampson from behind and hit him with a DDT. DeBeers was to be suspended for 180 days for his actions but Sampson refused to sign the contract initiating it and instead wanted to sign a contract that allowed him to referee a match involving DeBeers. During the 1990s, DeBeers promoted the Aryan Nations and Richard Butler's Church of Jesus Christ–Christian during his performances.[5]
On January 29, 2005, DeBeers wrestled his last match at WrestleReunion teaming with his former tag partner Buddy Rose and Bob Orton Jr. as they lost to Roddy Piper, Jimmy Snuka and Jimmy Valiant in Tampa Bay, Florida.[6]
Wiskoski and Rose ran a wrestling school in Portland, Oregon[1] from 2001 until 2006.  One of their students received a tryout from WWE in May 2006, Caden Mathews, who wrestled Finlay on an edition of SmackDown! that took place in Portland in May 2006. Another student of theirs was Brian Zane, who hosts the YouTube series Wrestling With Wregret and later served as a color commentator with Ring of Honor.
Wiskoski retired in Arizona. He died on January 22, 2025, at the age of 80.[7][8]
Herina liturata is a species of picture-winged fly in the genus Herina of the family Ulidiidae[1][2] found in most of Western Europe.

This article related to members of the fly family Ulidiidae is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Elenium is a series of fantasy novels by American writer David Eddings. The series consists of three volumes: The Diamond Throne, The Ruby Knight, and The Sapphire Rose. The series is followed by The Tamuli. The Elenium is Eddings' third fantasy series.
Sparhawk, a Pandion Knight, has returned to his hometown Cimmura after ten years of exile in Rendor.
He finds his Queen and former pupil, Ehlana, has fallen ill, having been poisoned. Queen Ehlana has been encased in diamond by magic performed by Sephrenia, the Styric tutor of magic to the Pandion Knights. The diamond will keep Queen Ehlana alive for up to 12 months while a cure is found.
To aid him on his quest, Sparhawk takes his childhood friend and fellow Pandion Knight Kalten, his squire Kurik, and Sephrenia. In a show of unity, the other three Church Knight Orders also send their champions to be his companions: Genidian Knight Ulath of Thalesia, Alcione Knight Tynian of Deira, and Cyrinic Knight Bevier of Arcium.
The company is also joined by Talen, a wayward, young and gifted thief, and by a mysterious little girl, named Flute, who is quite a bit more than she seems. The novel ends after Sparhawk, Kurik, Sephrenia, and Flute return to Rendor and discover the only way to cure Ehlana is with magic. It is in this book that Sparhawk first hears the word Bhelliom.
Sir Sparhawk and his companions seek the Bhelliom, a powerful magical artifact in the form of a sapphire carved in the shape of a rose, the only object with enough power to cure the rare poison administered to Queen Ehlana. The Bhelliom was last known to have been mounted on the crown of the Thalesian King Sarak.
The characters travel to the house of Count Ghasek whose sister is ill, as her soul was stolen by Azash, an Elder God of Styricum, whose spirit was confined in a clay idol. Sephrenia and the others manage to cure Lady Belina, though she has been rendered hopelessly mad by destroying the idol which was controlling her power. The Count then tells them about the giant's mound where King Sarak was buried.
After finding King Sarak's grave they learn that the crown had not been buried with him. They encounter a serf who tells them about the great battle which killed the King and how the Earl of Heid retrieved the fallen King's crown and cast it into the dark murky waters of Lake Randera.
The search for Bhelliom suffers a setback when Ghwerig, the deformed dwarf troll who originally carved the gem into the shape of a rose, retrieves the Bhelliom first after his own centuries-long search to reclaim his beloved gem.
Sparhawk and his companions follow Ghwerig to his secret cave hidden in the mountains of Thalesia. The book ends with Sparhawk and his squire Kurik giving Ghwerig fatal injuries. Ghwerig then intentionally rolls off a cliff into a chasm, Bhelliom still clutched in his hand. The girl Flute dives into the chasm only to rise out again with the Bhelliom and depositing it into Sparhawk's hands, thereby revealing her true identity as Aphrael, Child-Goddess of Styricum.
Sparhawk now has possession of the Bhelliom, so he returns to Cimmura and uses it to cure Queen Ehlana.  Unfortunately, when returning the symbolic ring of the monarchy to her, she, perhaps deliberately, mistakes his action for a marriage proposal.  The engagement has been publicly announced before he has had time to clarify this - although it seems unlikely that Ehlana would have been willing to break the engagement anyway. After curing the Queen of her illness, the knights ride for Chyrellos to prevent the Primate of Cimmura from ascending the throne of Archprelate. An enormous army lays siege to the Holy City.
Meanwhile, the evil God Azash and his servant, Otha, have been massing their forces along the eastern border of Eosia in preparation for an invasion of the west.  Sparhawk decides, after consultation with his superiors in the Church, to take Bhelliom and travel to Zemoch with several others, with the intention of destroying Azash.
They reach the city of Zemoch, and find the temple which contains the mud idol to which Azash is confined.  By a slightly odd mixture of subtlety and brute force, they gain access to the inner room - but not without the loss of Kurik, Sparhawk's squire and friend.  Sparhawk duels with Martel, another of Azash's accomplices, and kills him; he then goes on to destroy Azash himself, who takes Otha and Annias with him.
The end of the series comes to a close with the birth of Sparhawk's daughter Danae, who reveals herself to be Aphrael.
In September 2008, Del Ray books released all three novels of the Elenium series in a single, trade paperback volume. A similar treatment occurred to the Tamuli series in 2008. The new single volume features all of the same material found in the three separate novels including maps. It weighs in at 912 pages; the cover is orange in colour and features an image of Sparhawk kneeling down before Queen Ehlana who is sitting on her throne. Black Kat Design designed the cover with the illustration done by Keith Parkinson.
Cristian Măgerușan (born 16 September 1999) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a forward, for Liga II club Steaua București.[1][2][3][4][5][6][7]

This biographical article related to a Romanian association football forward is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In metadata, a vocabulary-based transformation (VBT) is a transformation aided by the use of a semantic equivalence statements within a controlled vocabulary.
Many organizations today require communication between two or more computers.  Although many standards exist to exchange data between computers such as HTML or email, there is still much structured information that needs to be exchanged between computers that is not standardized.  The process of mapping one source of data into another is often a slow and labor-intensive process.
VBT is a possible way to avoid much of the time and cost of manual data mapping using traditional extract, transform, load technologies.
The term vocabulary-based transformation was first defined by Roy Shulte of the Gartner Group around May 2003 and appeared in annual "hype-cycle" for integration.
VBT allows computer systems integrators to more automatically "look up" the definitions of data elements in a centralized data dictionary and use that definition and the equivalent mappings to transform that data element into a foreign namespace.
The Web Ontology Language (OWL) language also support three semantic equivalence statements.Lothair Udo I (950 – 23 June 994), Count of Stade, son of Henry I the Bald, Count of Stade, and his wife Judith von der Wetterau, granddaughter of Gebhard, Duke of Lorraine.  Lothair is frequently confused with his nephew Lothair Udo II, son of his brother Siegfried II, who was Margrave of Nordmark as Lothair Udo I.
The writings of Thietmar of Merseburg describe the deaths of his three maternal uncles Henry, Udo [Lothair Udo I] and Siegfried, captured by pirates with Count Adalgar, and reported that Udo was killed in battle with the Vikings.[1]
Lothair married an unknown daughter of Siegbert, Count of Liesgau, and had two children:
John Oldroyd Forfar, MC, FRSE (16 November 1916 – 14 August 2013) was a Scottish paediatrician and academic. He served in the Royal Army Medical Corps during the Second World War and later became a leading civilian paediatrician. He was Professor of Child Life and Health at the University of Edinburgh from 1964 to 1982. He was President of the British Paediatric Association from 1985 to 1988, and was instrumental in the founding of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health.[1][2]
Forfar was born on 16 November 1916 in Glasgow, Scotland,[3] to David Forfar and Elizabeth Campbell.[4] His father was a minister of the Church of Scotland.[5] He was educated at Perth Academy, a selective school in Perth.[6] He studied medicine at the University of St Andrews.[7] During his degree, he also studied for an intercalated Bachelor of Science (BSc).[6] He graduated in 1941 with a Bachelor of Medicine, Bachelor of Surgery (MB ChB).[7] Following graduation and qualification as a doctor, he undertook a six-month appointment as a house surgeon in Perth.[3]
On 21 February 1942, Forfar was commissioned into the Royal Army Medical Corps, British Army, as a lieutenant. He was given the service number 227049.[8] He briefly served with the 11th Field Ambulance,[3] before attending the Commando Training Centre in Achnacarry, Scotland.[5] He then joined No. 47 (Royal Marine) Commando as the battalion's medical officer.[9] He would serve with them for eleven months from the Normandy Landings to Victory in Europe.[5]
On 6 June 1944, Forfar joined the Allied troops landing on the Normandy beaches.[6][7] 47 Commando's objective was to capture Port-en-Bessin, a 15 miles (24 km) stretch of rocky coastline sited between Gold Beach and Omaha Beach.[5] Once captured, the area was to be a terminal for a fuel pipe-line across the Channel as part of Operation Pluto.[3] The battalion was ordered to travel 12 miles (19 km) inland and attack the area from inside enemy territory. There was prolonged fighting but the British finally captured the area by dusk of 7 June, the day after the landings.[5] During those two days, he had treated 52 marines, seven German soldiers and two French civilians.[3]
Between June and November 1944, 47 Commando fought along the French and Belgian coasts.[3] On 2 November 1944, as part of Operation Infatuate, they attacked the port of Walcheren in the Netherlands. It was a strategically important location for access to Antwerp, Belgium.[5] It was strongly defended by the Germans and General Eisenhower described the battle as "one of the most gallant and aggressive actions of the war".[6]
After the end of the war, Forfar returned to civilian life.[5] He officially left the British Army in 1946.[4]
In 1946, he joined Dundee Royal Infirmary as a registrar.[4] During this post he trained in the specialism of paediatrics.[7] He became a Member of the Royal College of Physicians (MRCP) in 1947 and Member of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh (MRCPE) in 1948.[4] That year he spent a short time in Great Ormond Street Hospital, London,[3] and achieved a Diploma in Child Health (DCH).[4] In 1948, he was promoted to consultant paediatrician at Dundee Royal Infirmary and senior lecturer in child health at the University of St Andrews.[7]
In 1950, he moved to Edinburgh where he was a senior paediatric physician at Eastern General, Leith and Western General Hospitals.[5][6] He was also appointed senior lecturer in Child Life and Health at the University of Edinburgh.[4] In 1953, he became a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh (FRCPE).[4] In 1958, he was awarded a higher doctorate in the form of a Doctor of Medicine (MD) with commendation from the University of St Andrews.[6] In 1960, Forfar was elected a member of the Harveian Society of Edinburgh.[10]
He joined the Royal Hospital for Sick Children in Edinburgh in 1964 as a Consultant Paediatrician.[4] In the same year he was appointed to the Edward Clark Chair as Professor of Child Life and Health at the University of Edinburgh.[6] He also became a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians (FRCP) in 1964.[4] In 1973, the first edition of Forfar and Arneil's Textbook of Paediatrics was published.[3] He retired in 1982 and was appointed professor emeritus.[4]
Outside of academia and his hospital work, he held a number of positions. He served on the committees of the Royal College of Physicians of Edinburgh and of London.[3] He was an elected member of the General Medical Council from 1984 to 1986.[6] He was president of the British Paediatric Association from 1985 to 1988. He then lobbied for the recognition of the Association as a Royal College and finally succeeded when it became the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health in 1996.[3][11]
In 1942, he married Isobel Mary Langlands Fernback.[4] She was also a medical doctor and they met while studying at the University of St Andrews.[6] She predeceased her husband, dying in 2012.[3] Together they had three children; David, Colin and Joan.[6]
He died in Edinburgh on 14 August 2013, aged 96.[6]


On 22 March 1945, it was gazetted that Forfar had been awarded the Military Cross (MC) and had been mentioned in dispatches 'in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in North West Europe'.[12][13] The event meriting the award of a Military Cross occurred on 3 November 1944[3] and the citation can be summed up as 'for his bravery in tending wounded fellow Commandos under heavy fire at Walcheren in the Netherlands'.[5] He was mentioned in dispatches by Lieutenant General Sir Brian Horrocks for his role in the treatment of wounded Royal Marines during the assault on Port-en-Bessin in 1944.[3] He was also the recipient of four World War II campaign medals; the 1939–1945 Star, the France and Germany Star, the Defence Medal, and the War Medal 1939–1945.[9]
In 2016 a luxury small scale holiday village was completed, right behind the dunes of Dishoek at the coast of Walcheren. The road that connects the villas is named "John O. Forfarstraat".  The son of John Forfar, together with a number of veterans, was present at the ceremony to reveal the streetsign on 2 November 2015.
In 1975, he was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Edinburgh (FRSE).[4] He was the 1983 James Spence Medallist, the highest awarded of the British Paediatrics Association.[7] He received the Royal Marine Historical Society Award in 2005.[3] A street in Port-en-Bessin is named Allée Professeur John Forfar in his honour in 2009.[6]The British Energy Efficiency Federation (BEEF) was founded in 1996 by the United Kingdom Government to provide a forum for consultation between existing industry associations in the energy sector.[1]
[2]

This article about an organisation in the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Pingelly Leader was a newspaper published in Pingelly from 1906 until 1925.[1] The newspaper was launched by John Mackay, who was previously proprietor and editor of the Wagin Argus and had started the Great Southern Leader of Narrogin, under the management of James Henry Greive.[2][3] It was originally printed at Wagin for its first few issues but was later issued from Pingelly starting 31 August 1906.[4][5][6] The paper changed its name and served a larger area beginning 8 October 1925, becoming the Pingelly-Brookton Leader.[7][8][9]

This Australian newspaper-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Burning Flame II (Traditional Chinese: 烈火雄心II) is a TVB modern action drama that focuses on the duties and challenges of Hong Kong firefighters. Wong Hei continues to be the leading star in this series along with other new cast members including Alex Fong, Maggie Cheung Ho-yee, Stephen Au, Yoyo Mung, and Flora Chan.  Although it is the second installment in the Burning Flame series, the story and the characters are completely different from the first.
Kei Tak Tin (Wong Hei) a firefighter whose wife passes away in a traffic accident, being a widower with a young daughter to take care of he does not dare take risks. His cautious and laid back work effects is seen as lazy and cowardly in the eyes of paramedic Chung Yan Yee (Maggie Cheung) who is assigned to the same fire station as him. Since the two are also neighbors they get to know each other and soon Yee see him as a loving and caring father to his young daughter. Yee starts dating Tin's younger brother Mark (Kevin Cheng) whom she had a crush on during her university years. Mark is the total opposite of Tin, he is good looking, well educated and well mannered. The two seem to be in a good relationship, but when Yee's juvenile delinquent past comes back to haunt her, Mark questions if they should really be together. Soon Mark begins dating someone else because of Yee's past and neglects her. When the daughter of a man Yee had injured in the past comes to blackmail her Tin is the only one that helps her deal with her problem. Soon Yee starts to see Tin in a new light and has feelings for him. She breaks up with him Mark, which he did not show any emotions. She and Tin soon starts dating to Tin's daughter delight and she already sees Yee as a mother figure to her.
Wilson (Alex Fong) is a strict firefighter supervisor that demands perfection from his team. He meets reporter Michelle (Flora Chan) during one of his fire rescues. Michelle is smart, well educated and independent when compared to his wife Yan (Yoyo Mung) who he sees as immature, tantrum throwing and very dependent on others. He starts to have feelings for Michelle that Yan eventually finds out about. Feeling that her husband has emotionally cheated on her by having feelings for another women Yan moves out, finds a job and starts providing for herself. She eventually learns to be independent and ask Ming for a divorce. Ironically Yan works for Michelle and both do not know that they love the same man.[1][2]
"Electricity" is the first single from the album Head Music by Suede, released on 12 April 1999 via Nude Records. It reached number five on the UK Singles Chart and in Finland and Norway. It was also a top-20 hit in Iceland, Ireland, Spain and Sweden and reached number 39 in New Zealand, becoming Suede's last charting single there.
The band re-emerged with "Electricity" after nearly two years away from the public eye. For the first time, synthesizers are used as a primary part of a song, working in parallel with the distorted guitar as opposed to just providing backing. The single helped guide the band's new direction, as evident in the fact that synths were also heavily used on Head Music. According to the song's co-writer Neil Codling, it is "hard-edged, spiky and more like the last album than anything else on this one." According to singer Brett Anderson, it is just a "simple love song." On the choice of the album's lead single, he said: "it was either going to be this or 'Savoir Faire'. There are about five singles on the album, so in the end I couldn't really tell which one should be first. It was pretty much flip a coin or roll some dice."[1] However, there was in fact another contender for first single. Both "Electricity" and the title track "Head Music" were played to Sony A&R personnel around the world, who voted in favour of what they felt was the "safer" choice in "Electricity".[2] The latter track ultimately was not chosen as a single from the album. "Electricity" was produced by Steve Osborne, "Popstar" and "See That Girl" were produced by Ben Hillier while "Waterloo" was produced by Bruce Lampcov.
The song was first performed live at a fanclub gig on 22 March 1999 at the Glasgow Garage; the band's first show since their Reading Festival appearance in 1997. Suede played at another fanclub show on 27 March at the London Astoria, with Black Box Recorder as the warm-up act. At the interval, the music video was premiered to a large gathering of the music media in attendance.[3] To promote the single, the band performed the song on several TV shows, including: the Pepsi Chart Show, Top of the Pops, CD:UK. The single received exposure on Radio One's A-list four weeks in advance of release.[4] On the day after its release on 12 April 1999,[5] "Electricity" was holding up well at number two on the UK Singles Chart, behind Martine McCutcheon's "Perfect Moment".[3] By the end of the week, it had slipped to its official peak of number five, and it went on to spend a total of seven weeks on the chart. British music charts commentator James Masterton felt that the decline from the midweek position was an indication that it is "only dedicated fans who are buying their records."[6] "Electricity" would be Suede's last top-10 single in the United Kingdom.[7] As part of a major marketing push for the 3 May album release, the single was chosen as the first ever MiniDisc single to be released in the UK, on 19 April 1999.[8][9]
The video shoot for "Electricity" took place on 10 March and was directed by Mike Lipscombe. One of the band's few big budget videos, it features the band performing in the back alley Falconberg Court behind the London Astoria venue, ghosting in and out of view as electrical power lines surge and shower sparks over scene. The director made use of miniature models, rotoscoping and heavy post-production to achieve the final, big production look. Alluding to the comparisons in Suede’s music to David Bowie, a New Zealand Herald writer noted the similarity of the video's setting to the cover of Bowie’s 1972 Ziggy Stardust album;[10] which also features a W1 London cul-de-sac.
"Electricity" received a generally favourable response from music critics, with some comparing the song to 1996 single "Trash". Music Week and the Irish Independent awarded the song, 'Single of the Week'. The former felt that it was "very different from the colder, more clinical material" on the album, calling it "a rock-charged stomper that compromises on nothing and promises everything for the album."[4] The latter had high praise for the single. George Byrne wrote: "Just as 'Trash' served as a statement of intent back in 1996, so too 'Electricity' layers on slabs of driving guitars and bubbling synths, allowing Brett to take his warped vowel-yodel way beyond its Bowie-esque beginnings. A combination of Glam and Electronica, 'Electricity' offers further proof that Suede are the only real competition to the Manic Street Preachers for the title Best British Band of the Decade."[11] Select wrote: "like 'Trash' before it, this squelchy-bassed return is utterly fresh without sounding remotely new." They added: "OK, so there are distinctly T. Rex-like backing vocals and nominal touches of studio trickery hinting at that much-touted New Direction, but essentially this is a tailor-made Uplifting Pop Single (imagine 'New Generation' morphed with 'The Beautiful Ones')."[12]
Paul Connolly of The Times was favourable of the song and looked forward to the album, writing: "Its dense guitar structure is coated with a fierce metallic sheen but Brett Anderson's vocals are confident and expansive, and the song swells inexorably to a huge chorus, although the lyrics do stray into Celine Dion platitude territory: 'Our love is bigger than the universe/It's bigger than the two of us.' [...] Suede have rediscovered their heart. Head Music will be a blast."[13] NME and The List were slightly more mixed, with both calling the song "Suede-by-numbers". Stevie Chick of the former was generally favourable by comparing it to earlier songs, saying: "a splash of 'Trash', a bar of 'Filmstar', er, quite a lot of 'She' actually but recycled cut-and-paste Suede is still a fair old mince ahead of most other singles you'll hear this year."[14] While the latter's Brian Donaldson felt that "despite the somewhat filthy guitar intro [...] 'Electricity' finds Suede treading water when they should be breaking new ground."[15] James Masterton said that the song "hardly ranks as the most appealing single they have ever released, lacking the killer chorus that made Trash and Metal Mickey such celebrated hits."[6]
UK CD1[16]
UK CD2[17]
UK cassette single and European CD single[18][19]
European maxi-CD single[20]
UK MiniDisc single and Japanese CD single[21][22]

Charles Wood (15 June 1866 – 12 July 1926) was an Irish composer and teacher; his students included Ralph Vaughan Williams at Cambridge and Herbert Howells at the Royal College of Music. He is primarily remembered and performed as an Anglican church music composer, but he also wrote songs and chamber music, particularly for string quartet.
Born in Vicars' Hill in the Cathedral precincts of Armagh, Ireland, Charles was the fifth child and third son of Charles Wood Sr. and Jemima Wood. The boy was a treble chorister in the choir of the nearby St. Patrick's Cathedral (Church of Ireland). His father sang tenor as a stipendiary 'Gentleman' or 'Lay Vicar Choral' in the Cathedral choir and was also the Diocesan Registrar of the church. He was a cousin of Irish composer Ina Boyle.[1] The organist and composer William G Wood (1859-1895), also associated with Cambridge, was his elder brother.[citation needed]
Wood received his early education at the Cathedral Choir School and also studied organ with two organists and masters of the Boys of Armagh Cathedral, Robert Turle and his successor Dr Thomas Marks. In 1883 he became one of fifty inaugural class members of the Royal College of Music, studying composition with Charles Villiers Stanford and Charles Hubert Hastings Parry primarily, and horn and piano secondarily. Following four years of training, he continued his studies at Selwyn College, Cambridge until 1889.[2]
He began teaching harmony and counterpoint at Selwyn College. In 1889 he attained a teaching position at Gonville and Caius College, Cambridge, first as organ scholar and then as fellow in 1894, becoming their first director of music and organist. He was instrumental in the reflowering of music at the college, though more as a teacher and organiser of musical events than as composer. After Stanford died in 1924, Wood assumed his mentor's vacant role as Professor of Music at the University of Cambridge.[1]
According to his successor at Cambridge, Edward J Dent, as a teacher of composition, Wood "was surpassed only by Stanford himself [and] as a teacher of counterpoint and fugue he was unequalled".[3] His pupils at Cambridge included Ralph Vaughan Williams, Nicholas Gatty, Arthur Bliss, Cecil Armstrong Gibbs and W Denis Browne. Dent says that, because Stanford did not reside in Cambridge, Wood took on the real burden of teaching for many years before his own election as Professor of Music, by which time his health was already undermined. He died in July 1926 after only two years in the post.
He married Charlotte Georgina Wills-Sandford, daughter of William Robert Wills-Sandford, of Castlerea, County Roscommon, Ireland, on 17 March 1898. They had two sons and three daughters, including Lieutenant Patrick Bryan Sandford Wood R.A.F. (1899-1918), who was killed in an aircraft accident during the First World War and is buried at Taranto, Italy.[1][4] The family's address in Cambridge was 17, Cranmer Road.
Wood is buried at the Parish of the Ascension Burial Ground in Cambridge,[5] together with his wife. There is a memorial to him in the north aisle at St Patrick's Cathedral, Armagh.[6]
Like his better-known colleague Stanford, Wood is chiefly remembered for his Anglican church music: there are over 250 sacred works and many hymn tunes. As well as his Communion Service in the Phrygian Mode, his settings of the Magnificat and Nunc dimittis are still popular with cathedral and parish church choirs, particularly the services in F, D and G, and the two settings in E flat. During Passiontide his St Mark Passion, written in 1920 for Eric Milner-White, the then Dean of King’s College, Cambridge, is sometimes performed. It demonstrates Wood's interest in modal composition, in contrast to the late romantic harmonic style he more usually employs.[7]
Wood's anthems with organ, Expectans expectavi, and O Thou, the Central Orb are both frequently performed and recorded; as are his unaccompanied anthems Tis the day of Resurrection, Glory and Honour and, most popular of all, Hail, gladdening light and its lesser-known equivalent for men's voices, Great Lord of Lords. All Wood's a cappella music demonstrates fastidious craftsmanship and a supreme mastery of the genre, and he is no less resourceful in his accompanied choral works which sometimes include unison sections and have stirring organ accompaniments, conveying a satisfying warmth and richness of emotional expression appropriate to his carefully chosen texts.[8]
After the fashion of the time Wood composed a series of secular choral cantatas between 1885 and 1905, including On Time (1897-8, setting Milton), Dirge for Two Veterans (1901, setting Walt Whitman), and A Ballad of Dundee (1904, setting W.E. Aytoun). There were also madrigals (including If Love be Dead, setting Coleridge), part songs (such as Full Fathom Five) and solo songs, one of which, Ethiopia Saluting the Colours (setting Walt Whitman) attained high popularity.[9]
Of the orchestral works, both the Piano Concerto (1886) and the Patrick Sarsfield Variations (1899) remained unpublished, although the Variations received a performance at the Queen's Hall Beecham Concerts in 1907. Walter Starkie said the work "shows his power of creating what may be called the Irish atmosphere in music".[10] It has been revived in modern times by the Ulster Orchestra, conducted by Simon Joly.[11] However, Wood appears to have lost confidence and abandoned the orchestral medium after 1905. Three symphonies and an opera remained uncompleted.[1]
He also composed eight string quartets (six numbered, plus the Variations on an Irish Folk Tune and a first movement fragment in G minor), spanning 1885 to 1917.[8] The early quartets show the influence of Brahms, but from No. 3 in A minor (1911) a more personal voice emerges, partly through the use of Irish folk melodies and dance tunes as thematic material.[12] There is a modern recording of No. 3 by the Lindsay Quartet[13] and the London Chamber Ensemble has published No. 6 (2024; see Discography below). The quartets were edited after the composer's death by Edward Dent and published in a collected edition by Oxford University Press in 1929.[14]
Wood collaborated with priest and poet George Ratcliffe Woodward in the revival and popularisation of Renaissance tunes to new English religious texts, notably co-editing three books of carols including The Cowley Carol Book. Their collaboration also produced Songs of Syon.[15] He was co-founder (in 1904) of the Irish Folk Song Society. Wood's arrangement of The Irish Famine Song (The Praties They Grow Small Over Here) was recorded in the early 1920s by the Russian tenor Vladimir Rosing, and released on Vocalion A-0168.
Mixed voices
(Scoring SATB unless noted)
Male voices
Female voices

Eravipuram is a Neighbourhood of the city of Kollam in Kerala, India. It is one among the 6 zones of the Kollam City Corporation. Other zones of the city of Kollam are Central Zone-I, Central Zone-II, Sakthikulangara, Kilikollur and Vadakkevila.[1]
Eravipuram town is only 8 km away from Kollam city. Other nearby towns are Kottiyam, Mayyanad, Paravur etc. Paravur is 19 km away from Eravipuram. Eravipuram railway station is the nearest railway station, which is one among the 3 railway stations serving the city of Kollam.
This place has a long coastal line with Arabian Sea.
Portion of TS canal passes through it.

This article related to a location in Kollam district, Kerala, India is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
John James Bodkin (c. 1801 – January 1882)[1] was an Irish Whig politician.[2][3][4]
Bodkin was first elected Whig MP for Galway Borough at the 1831 general election, but stepped down at the next election in 1832. In 1835, he was returned for County Galway and then held this seat until 1847, when he did not seek re-election.[2][5]
He lived at Kilclooney, County Galway, and was a justice of the peace and a deputy lieutenant.
His elder daughter Eliza Mary Bodkin (d.1902) was married to Lewis George Dive, of Milwich, Staffordshire.[6]

This article about a Liberal Member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a Member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, for a constituency in Ireland between 1801 and 1922 is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.HTC Desire is a series of Android smartphones designed and manufactured by HTC. All products in the Desire series were designed to be affordable, touchscreen-based and slate-sized, and run the Android mobile operating system (Android 2.1 Eclair or subsequent Android releases) with the HTC Sense graphical user interface except for the HTC Desire 616, HTC Desire 516. HTC Desire 310 and HTC Desire 210, all of which feature a mixed user interface of HTC Sense and the Android Open Source Project.
This table is primarily intended to show the differences between the models of the Desire series:
Farhad Moshiri (Persian: فرهاد مشیری; 1963 – 17 July 2024) was an Iranian artist based in Tehran. His artwork is rooted in Pop art dialect with a subtle, subversive socio-political commentary.
Moshiri was born in Shiraz, Iran in 1963.[1] He studied fine arts at California Institute of the Arts in Valencia, California, in the 1980s, where he first started experimenting with installations, video art and painting. He received his MFA from California Institute of the Arts in 1984,[1] before moving back to Tehran in 1991. He subsequently became well known for his ironic interpretations of hybrids between traditional Iranian forms and those of the consumerist and globalized popular culture widespread in his country.[2]
In the early 2000s, Moshiri was most readily associated with his paintings of jars, which are decorated with traditional Iranian sayings and poetic verse, written in Persian calligraphy. These monumental containers have been described as receptacles of life, memory and desire, and reflect his fascination with archaeology.
His painted jars, which form a trademark of his production, look like three-dimensional objects, bursting with popular foods, drinks and desserts, with popular scripts elegantly written on their body.[3] Other significant works include Stereo Surround Sofa (2004), Silver Portrait on Red (2004), Diamond Brain (2004–05) and A Dream in Tehran (2007).
Moshiri was also interested in the repetition of numbers and letters in scripts for their intrinsic beauty as opposed to any literal meaning or sense they might hold.
In Kennedy’s Salt and Pepper Shaker, from 2005, he presented the instantly recognizable Kennedy couple in the form of salt and pepper shakers.
His work is held in several public collections, including the Virginia Museum of Fine Arts, Richmond, the Farjam Collection, Dubai, and the British Museum, London.[4]
Moshiri was represented by The Third Line gallery in Dubai,[5][6] Galerie Emmanuel Perrotin in Paris, New York, Tokyo and Hong Kong,[7] Rodolphe Janssen in Brussels, and Thaddeus Ropac in Salzburg and London. He died in Tehran on 17 July 2024, at the age of 61.[8]The Defiance County Courthouse is located at 221 Clinton Street in Defiance, Ohio, United States.
Defiance County was established in 1845 but had its roots in Williams County. The latter county was established in 1824 with the county seat at Defiance. As Williams County lost land to other counties, Defiance was no longer central for the remaining population. The county seat changed to Bryan and would have doomed Defiance if not for a proposal for a new county.
The time was right for Defiance as the population surrounding it grew to the numbers needed to form a new county. On March 4, 1845, a bill was passed to form Defiance County with the county seat in Defiance. A celebration was held on March 13 with speeches, bonfires, and banquets.
The first courts were held in a brick schoolhouse located on Wayne Street, but the first courthouse was started in October 1845. This Federal style building was designed and built by John Bostata on the site of the present courthouse. The brick structure rose two stories tall with a portico framed by four columns supporting a pediment. The rectangular building was lined with rectangular windows and pilasters with an entablature topping the facade. The roof was topped by a square drum supporting a domed cupola capped by a spire.
This courthouse served the county until 1870 as the population continued to grow. Soon the courthouse was deemed to be too small and a new courthouse was needed. The county selected the plans of architect J.C. Johnson designed in the Italianate and Second Empire styles. The courthouse was designed with a mansard roof but was decided against for safety reasons.
In 2006 the county was faced with a growing population and needed more room for the county offices. The county issued a vote to determine if the current courthouse should be razed or if a new building or addition should be built. The vote came back in favor of the building leading the county to investigate alternatives.[1]
The three-story building has a projecting center and ends. The facade is lined with decorative stone elements along the window and door trims and pilasters. The stone foundation is windowless and contains a water table. The first floor contains long rectangular windows with triangular pediments crowning each window. The entrance is located in a small arched portico with Doric columns. The second floor once contained arched windows but the arched portion is now bricked over and contains long rectangular windows. The third floor once matched the decorative bottom floors but was removed and replaced by a modern design containing rectangular windows and a clock face.
The third floor was once topped by a balustrade, and the central projection rose into a clock tower 125 feet above the ground.
A war memorial was designed by Mark Homier and is situated in front of the courthouse and lists the names of Defiance County soldiers from World War I, World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, and the Global War on Terror.[2] The memorial depicts a grieving soldier and a nurse in the center of two gently sloping wings. The memorial also contains an eternal flame in honor of those who gave all for their country.Kalkhuran (Persian: كلخوران, also Romanized as Kalkhūrān)[1] is a village in Hir Rural District, Hir District, Ardabil County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 390, in 70 families.[2]
This Ardabil County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Pomierzyn [pɔˈmjɛʐɨn] (German: Pammin) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kalisz Pomorski, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Kalisz Pomorski, 23 km (14 mi) south of Drawsko Pomorskie, and 87 km (54 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.
For the history of the region, see History of Pomerania.

This Drawsko County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.José Antonio Durán (1810 - c.1880) was an Argentine military man and politician, who participated in the main military actions that occurred during the Argentine Civil War. He served as secretary of the Government of Nazario Benavídez,[2] and as war correspondent of Juan Manuel de Rosas in San Juan Province.[3]
He was born in San Juan Province, Argentina, the son of Juan Durán and Javiera Ortiz,[4] belonging to a traditional Creole family.[5] He had an active participation in Argentine civil conflicts, serving under the General Benavides in the military campaigns of 1841, 1842 and 1843, against Unitarian troops. He also taking part in the Battle of Angaco.[6]
He served the army of the Argentine Confederation during the Battle of Cepeda and Pavón, to be later incorporated into the ranks of the Argentine Republic. He maintained an intense political activity in his native province, holding public positions alongside distinguished politicians of the city as Guillermo Rawson and Saturnino Manuel de Laspiur.[7]
His paternal family was related to Camilo Rojo, governor of San Juan in 1864.[8] He was married three times, first to Gregoria Pereira, secondly to Dolores Cabrera, daughter of Blas Cabrera and Mercedes Etchegaray, and third with Francisca Arredondo, daughter of Eugenio Arredondo and Rita Montemayor, belonging to a family from Entre Ríos and Santa Fe Province.[9] He had several children, including Blas Antonio Durán Cabrera, godson of Nazario Benavidez,[10] and Magdalena Durán Pereira, a lady related to the Quiroga family.[11]
On July 19, 1866 he attended in the Parish Nuestra Señora de Montserrat like godfather of Alejo Camilo Canavery,[12] son of Quintina Páez and Sinforoso Camilo Canavery, a former military man, who served in the Federal Army.[13]
USS Adams (DM-27) was a destroyer minelayer in the United States Navy. She was named for Lieutenant, junior grade Samuel Adams. The other two USS Adams that have existed were named after the second president.
Adams was laid down as DD-739, an Allen M. Sumner-class destroyer, on 20 March 1944 at the Bath Iron Works in Bath, Maine. She was redesignated a Robert H. Smith-class destroyer minelayer DM-27, on 20 July 1944; launched on 23 July 1944, sponsored by Mrs. Maude Ryan Adams, the widow of Lieutenant Adams. Adams was commissioned at Boston, Massachusetts, on 10 October 1944.
After fitting out there, she embarked upon her shakedown cruise on 1 November. That cruise, which took her to Bermuda waters, lasted for the entire month. On 29 November, she headed back toward the United States and arrived at Norfolk, Virginia, on 3 December. Following post-shakedown availability in the navy yard there, she put to sea on 11 December with Shea, bound for New York City and a rendezvous with Bennington. The two destroyer minelayers departed New York with the aircraft carrier on 15 December and set a course for the Panama Canal. The three warships transited the canal on 20 December and, on 22 December, headed for the California coast. They arrived at San Diego on 29 December and remained there two days undergoing repairs. On New Year's Day 1945, they got underway again, headed for Oahu, and they arrived in Pearl Harbor six days later.
For almost two months, Adams remained in the Hawaiian operating area. During that time, she acted as plane guard for Bataan while the carrier conducted carrier landing qualifications for naval aviators. She also carried out gunnery exercises and shore bombardment practice. The warship spent two periods in the Pearl Harbor Navy Yard—once for the installation of VF radar equipment and again to have her main deck plating strengthened. Early in February, she laid mines and tested mine detection equipment on them. Later, the warship conducted mine laying exercises. She finished out her tour of duty in the Hawaii area late in February with another plane guard mission with Bataan.
The destroyer minelayer stood out of Pearl Harbor on 2 March, bound for the western Pacific.  She arrived in Ulithi Atoll on 14 March and remained until 19 March, when she put to sea with a task group of the Okinawa invasion force. The warship saw her first combat on 23 March, the day before she arrived off Okinawa. That evening, enemy aircraft attacked her task group. Adams sustained her first casualties when a projectile fired from the after five-inch mount exploded prematurely killing two sailors and injuring another 13. At dawn the following day, she began minesweeping operations off Okinawa. The destroyer minelayer provided gunfire support and mine destruction services to the wooden-hulled minesweepers doing the actual sweeping.
Those operations continued over the next few days in spite of Japanese air resistance. During that time, she was attacked by at least twelve different planes. She confirmed six kills and claimed probable kills of two others. On 28 March, one of those attackers splashed about 25 ft (7.6 m) from her port bow showering her with debris and gasoline.
She sustained damage in a collision with a salvage vessel that forced her into the anchorage at Kerama Retto for emergency repairs. On 1 April, while she was operating to the southeast of Kerama Retto, a badly damaged Japanese plane splashed close aboard her stern; and what must have been two bombs exploded under her fantail causing severe damage and jamming her rudders at hard right. While she steamed in righthand circles, two more kamikaze planes swooped in at her.  Adams destroyed one while the other succumbed to the antiaircraft battery on Mullany, the ship dispatched to assist Adams. Later, Adams was towed into Kerama Retto to begin temporary repairs alongside Endymion.
Adams departed Kerama Retto on 7 April, bound ultimately for the United States and permanent repairs. She made stops at Guam and at Pearl Harbor before arriving at the Mare Island Navy Yard on 7 May. She completed repairs and post-repair trials and calibrations during the first week in July. On 6 July, she put to sea for exercises off Santa Catalina, CA and entered port at San Diego on 10 July. After brief post-repair shakedown training and inspections, the destroyer minelayer stood out of San Diego on 17 July on her way back to Hawaii. She arrived at Oahu on 23 July and spent the next 11 days in gunnery exercises—both antiaircraft and shore bombardment—in the Hawaiian operating area.
On 4 August, she and Koiner departed Pearl Harbor, bound for the western Pacific. The two warships stopped overnight on 11/12 August at Eniwetok Atoll where they picked up Sitka. They escorted the attack transport to the Marianas and arrived at Guam on 15 August, the day hostilities ceased.
The following day, she got underway for Okinawa, arrived in Buckner Bay on 18 August, and remained there through 31 August. On 1 September, she stood out of Buckner Bay on her way to Japan. She arrived off Kagoshima, Kyūshū, on 3 September and began sweeping a channel into the port. That operation continued until 9 September at which time she headed back toward Okinawa. She reached Buckner Bay on 11 September and re mained at anchor until 16 September. On that day, she put to sea to evade a typhoon but returned to port on 18 September.
She departed Okinawa again on 24 September, headed for Japan, and arrived in Ise Wan, Honshū, on 26 September, and began minesweeping operations in preparation for the landing of Army troops at Nagoya. She anchored in Ise Wan on 28 September and remained there while her commanding officer, serving as task group commander, directed the minesweeping mission.  She remained at Ise Wan through the end of October. On 1 November, the destroyer minelayer laid a course for Sasebo where she arrived two days later. She stayed there through most of November provisioning units preparing to return home.
On 25 November, Adams left Sasebo to voyage to Kiirun, Taiwan, where she arrived on 28 November and reported for duty with Task Group (TG) 70.5.  She returned to sea with TG 70.5 on 4 December for a 10-day minesweeping assignment in Taiwan Strait. At the conclusion of that mission, she returned to Kiirun on 15 December. Four days later, she put to sea with a convoy bound for Shanghai, China, and entered the Yangtze River on 21 December. Adams remained at Shanghai until 3 January 1946. Between 3 and 6 January, the warship voyaged back, to Sasebo where she rejoined the 5th Fleet.
Adams continued similar duty in Far Eastern waters until early April when she headed back to the United States. Upon her arrival home, she was assigned to the 1st Fleet and served in it until decommissioned in December. The destroyer minelayer was berthed with the San Diego Group, Pacific Reserve Fleet. She remained in reserve for almost 23 years. On 7 February 1955, while still in reserve, she was redesignated a fast minelayer MMD-27. Her name was finally struck from the Navy List on 1 December 1970, and she was sold to Chow's Iron & Steel Company, of Taiwan, on 16 December 1971.
Adams earned one battle star for World War II service.
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.Anne Marthe Mvoto is a Cameroonian journalist and politician, the second woman to anchor television news after Dénise Epoté.
Anne Marthe Mvoto hails from Atok, the village of General Angouand situated between Abong-Mbang and Ayos.[1] She has a fervent interest in the audiovisual and journalism professions and pursued her studies at the Lille school in France.[2] Marthe Mvoto initiated her career at Radio Cameroon in the 1980.[3]
Between 1991 and 2008 Anne Marthe Mvoto served as the presenter of television news at Cameroon Radio and Television (CRTV).
After nearly 20 years of anchoring television news, she was dismissed by her employer two years before her retirement.[4] She engaged a lawyer, and eventually, both parties reached an amicable settlement.
In 2010, following her departure from public television, she launched her own magazine to express herself differently.
In December 2016, eight years after departing CRTV, she made a comeback on screen as a guest on the morning show to discuss her new professional endeavors.[5]
In 2016 she managed the commercial aspect of a new weekly magazine.[6]
In 2020 former TV anchor Anne Marthe Mvoto contested as a member of the regional council of the Eastern region, her hometown, but unfortunately, she lost the election.[7]Châteney (French pronunciation: [ʃatnɛ]) is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.

This Haute-Saône geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Matthew Adams (born December 12, 1995) is an American professional football linebacker for the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Houston.
Adams played four seasons for Houston. He led the Cougars with 82 tackles in 2016 and finished second with 88 in 2017. In his college career, he posted 259 tackles, 21 tackles for loss, and 7.5 sacks.[1]
Adams was drafted by the Indianapolis Colts in the seventh round (221st overall) of the 2018 NFL draft.[1]
Adams made an appearance in two postseason games, registering one tackle and one special teams stop. On September 26, 2020, Adams was placed on injured reserve with an ankle injury.[5] He was activated on November 7, 2020.[6] He was placed on the reserve/COVID-19 list by the team on November 11,[7] and activated on November 16.[8] In Week 12 against the Tennessee Titans, Adams was ejected from the game after punching Titans' linebacker Nick Dzubnar.[9]
On April 9, 2022, Adams signed a one-year contract with the Chicago Bears.[10] He suffered a calf injury in Week 5 and was placed on injured reserve on October 11.[11] He was activated on November 16.[12] For his one year with Chicago, Adams appeared in 10 games and recorded 22 tackles, the most tackles since his rookie year.[13]
On March 21, 2023, Adams signed with the Cleveland Browns.[14] He played in every game for the Browns as a back-up and special teams player.[15]
On April 12, 2024, Adams signed with the New York Giants.[16] He was placed on injured reserve on August 27.[17] He was activated on October 5.Stephenson Antonio Wallace (born November 11, 1982) is a former swimmer from Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.[1] Wallace competed only in the men's 50 m freestyle at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney. He received a ticket from FINA, under a Universality program, in an entry time of 29.58.[2] He challenged six other swimmers in heat one, including 16-year-olds Wael Ghassan of Qatar and Hassan Mubah of the Maldives. Diving in with a 0.87-second deficit, Wallace scorched the field to post a fourth-seeded time and a lifetime best of 27.84. Wallace failed to advance into the semifinals, as he placed seventy-first overall out of 80 swimmers in the prelims.[3][4]

This biographical article related to a Saint Vincent and the Grenadines swimmer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The 2010 Manitoba Lotteries Women's Curling Classic was held October 22–25, 2010 in Winnipeg, Manitoba. It was the second Grand Slam event of the 2010-11 curling season. The total purse was $C60,000. $15,000 went to the winning Chelsea Carey rink who defeated Cathy Overton-Clapham in the final. Carey's team thus qualifies to play in the 2010 Canada Cup of Curling
Owain ap Cadwgan (died 1116) was a prince of Powys in eastern Wales. He is best known for his abduction of Nest, wife of Gerald of Windsor. Owain was the eldest son of Cadwgan ap Bleddyn, prince of part of Powys. He is first recorded in 1106, when he killed Meurig and Griffri, the sons of Trahaearn ap Caradog, who held lands in Arwystli.
In 1109 Owain's father Cadwgan gave a great feast at his court in Ceredigion, and at this feast Owain was told of the beauty of his second cousin Nest, whose husband Gerald held the castle of Cenarth Bychan (possibly Cilgerran Castle). He decided to visit Cenarth Bychan to see for himself, and having done so fell in love with Nest and determined to have her. It was also enticing that Nest was the daughter of the last King of Deheubarth. One night at Christmas 1109 Owain and fifteen companions burrowed underneath the gate to get into the castle then rushed in to abduct Nest and her children and set fire to the castle. Her husband, Gerald, fled through a garderobe. Nest is said by some to have borne Owain two sons, Llywelyn and Einion, before eventually being returned to her husband, but this is probably a mistaken identification.
Owain's actions led to his father being confronted with an invasion, as the justiciar of Shropshire, Richard de Beaumais, promised the members of the cadet branches of the ruling house of Powys extensive lands if they would attack Cadwgan and Owain. Owain fled to Ireland while Cadwgan surrendered to King Henry I of England and lost all his lands. Ceredigion was later returned to Cadwgan, under the condition of paying a fine of £100 and promising to have nothing more to do with Owain.
Owain soon returned to Powys from Ireland and made an alliance with Madog ap Rhiryd. The king responded by releasing Owain's uncle, Iorwerth ap Bleddyn from captivity in 1110 and returning the rule of Powys to him. Owain was driven out of Powys by Iorwerth and retreated to Ceredigion, from where he made raids on Dyfed, selling his captives in the Irish slave markets. He also killed a prominent member of the Flemish colony, William of Brabant. King Henry responded by stripping Cadwgan of all his lands and forcing him to live as an exile in England, while Owain again fled to Ireland. However Iorwerth was killed by Owain's ally Madog ap Rhiryd in 1111 and the rule of Powys was returned to Cadwgan, who was allowed to recall Owain. When Cadwgan was also killed by Madog the same year, Owain became ruler of much of Powys. He employed his uncle Maredudd ap Bleddyn as penteulu (captain of the guard), and in 1113 Maredudd was able to capture Madog ap Rhiryd and sent him to Owain. Owain took vengeance for the killing of his father by blinding Madog.
In 1114 King Henry invaded Wales, an attack mainly aimed against Gruffudd ap Cynan of Gwynedd. Owain allied himself with Gruffudd, and retreated with him to Gwynedd. After peace terms had been agreed, Henry took Owain with him when he visited Normandy later that year and knighted him. Owain returned with the king in 1115 and in 1116 took to arms to assist King Henry in putting down the rebellion of Gruffydd ap Rhys of Deheubarth. Gerald of Windsor, husband of Nest, was fighting on the same side, and took the opportunity for vengeance, attacking Owain when he had only ninety men with him and killing him. Most of Powys now passed to his uncle, Maredudd.
The 1948–49 New York Knicks season was the third season for the team in the Basketball Association of America (BAA), which later became the National Basketball Association (NBA). The Knicks had a 32–28 record in 1948–49 and finished second in the Eastern Division, six games behind the Washington Capitols. New York qualified for the playoffs, and defeated the Baltimore Bullets 2–1 in a best-of-three series to earn a place in the Eastern Division finals. In the division championship series, the Knicks lost to the Capitols, two games to one.[4] Before the 1949–50 season, the BAA merged with the National Basketball League to form the NBA.[5]
Source:[6]
Joe Lapchick
RosterThe Third North Carolina Regiment was an American military unit composed of colored troops from North Carolina mustered into federal service in the Spanish–American War. Unlike most regiments at the time, it was entirely led by black officers. The unit did not see active service in conflict and spent most of its existence in camps in North Carolina, Tennessee, and Georgia.
Black Americans had mixed feelings about the outbreak of the Spanish–American War in 1898. Many were disaffected by the racial discrimination they faced and felt unobligated to serve a country which denied them equal treatment. Others, including leading blacks in Wilmington, North Carolina, saw the war as an opportunity to demonstrate bravery and patriotism to white Americans.[1] Following the American Civil War, most black military units in North Carolina were disbanded at the behest of whites;[2] in 1898, there was only a single 40-man black unit in the State Guard, the Charlotte Light Infantry.[3] President of the United States William McKinley called upon citizens to volunteer to serve, and the federal government set recruitment quotas for states so that volunteer units could be created.[4] Within the formal United States Army, black men were restricted to service in four segregated regiments under white officers or in secondary roles such as cooks. Thus, many saw a better opportunity for advancement in potentially forming parts of the new volunteer units.[5]
North Carolina had elected a Republican, Daniel Lindsay Russell, in 1896 through a strategy dubbed Fusionism organized by a coalition of Republicans and Populists, in which black Republican voters had played a significant role.[6] Some North Carolinian blacks who had created informal militia units upon the outbreak of the war asked Russell to formally incorporate them into the state's contingent to be pressed into federal service. The United States Department of War had requested that North Carolina muster two white infantry regiments and a battery of artillery. Mindful of the political debt he owed to his black constituents, Russell sent one of his advisers, J. C. L. Harris, to Washington D.C. to persuade the War Department to either swap the artillery battery with a black infantry battalion or accept the creation of an all-black regiment. United States Senator Marion Butler, a Fusionist, attempted to persuade white officials to support the scheme by arguing that black men could "stand the climate of Cuba and are anxious to enlist".[4] The department officially refused to alter its requested quota, and North Carolinian Fusionists including Washington Recorder of Deeds Henry P. Cheatham, Congressman George Henry White, and Senator Jeter Connelly Pritchard joined in the effort and lobbied the president for his assent.[7]
Russell eventually prevailed on the federal authorities to swap the artillery battery for a black infantry battalion.[8] On April 27, 1898, he announced the creation of the battalion and placed it under the command of James H. Young, a prominent black political ally of the governor, who was given the rank of major.[9] Black newspapers across the country praised Russell for the unit's creation, in particular highlighting his decision to place it under the charge of a black officer. The unit was given the nickname "Russell's Black Battalion". Meanwhile, Harris encouraged the governor to increase the unit to regiment strength, telling him that McKinley and Secretary of War Russell A. Alger wanted North Carolina to muster a full black regiment but would "not say so officially".[8] Harris further warned him that his failure to do so would cost him political support.[10] Thus advised, when McKinley re-appealed to the American public for volunteers in May, Russell announced that he was transforming the battalion into a regiment.[8]
The governor ordered Young to recruit an additional seven companies of troops which would be merged with his battalion to form the Third North Carolina Infantry, United States Volunteers. Young was flooded with requests to enlist while one of the white units raised struggled to fill its ranks. Once the additional companies were mustered,[11] the regiment was consolidated in Raleigh and dispatched by rail to Fort Macon for training.[12] Though he faced pressure to name white officers to the unit, on June 28 Russell announced an all-black group of officers for the regiment. Young remained in charge and was promoted to colonel, while C. S. L. A. Taylor of the Charlotte Light Infantry was made his deputy as a lieutenant colonel.[11] This made North Carolina one of only three states to create a black-officered regiment for the war.[13] The regiment comprised 1,108 men and officers.[14] Some of the soldiers gifted Harris a silver tea set as thanks for his work to create the regiment.[15]
In an attempt to dislodge the Fusionist coalition from North Carolina's government in the elections of 1898, the Democratic Party engaged in a white supremacist campaign which decried "Negro domination".[11] Democratic newspapers criticized Russell for giving blacks guns, accused him of making the officers' appointments due to political rather than military considerations, and stated that he doted on his "pet regiment" with favoritism.[11] Josephus Daniels, editor of the Raleigh News & Observer, conceded that Young was an "intelligent Raleigh mulatto" but decried him and his men as "Russel's birds of prey."[2] Daniels singled out Young for criticism, accusing him of sabotaging efforts to deploy the regiment to Cuba for garrison duty so that he could remain within traveling distance of Raleigh to attend to political affairs.[16] North Carolina Adjutant-General Andrew D. Cowles, a Republican, also stated in an interview that news of the heavy casualties at the Siege of Santiago had led a significant amount of the regiment's initial volunteers to back out of their enlistment due to "downright cowardice."[11] Black leaders rebuked his statement by pointing out that the army's regular black units had fought during the battle and highlighting the struggle to find enough white volunteers in the state.[17]
At Fort Macon, the troops were put to training and drilling. The regiment's officers were mindful that, as a colored formation, the unit would be subject to intensive scrutiny. Despite this, misconduct and disciplinary issues affected the regiment as much as other volunteer units.[18] The end of fighting in Cuba by the midsummer of 1898 negatively impact morale of the soldiers' who had anticipated service in conflict and now thought that at best they would perform garrison duty in captured territory.[19] The ranks increasingly filed complaints against their officers for being too demanding of them.[20] Fort Macon was more isolated than other military installations in North Carolina, but soldiers were given leave to visit nearby cities such as Wilmington, New Bern, and Morehead City. White residents of those towns were unnerved by the black soldiers' presence and irked by their demands for "equal treatment". The Morehead Pilot reported that the actions of the troops within the city once nearly created a race riot which was narrowly avoided due to the intervention of authorities.[21]
On September 17, the Third Regiment was transferred to Camp Poland outside of Knoxville, Tennessee and formed a brigade there with the Sixth Virginia Volunteers, a black regiment under white officers, and a white regiment from Ohio. Also present at the camp was the First Georgia Volunteers, a white unit that was due to be mustered out soon. Relations between the Georgians and North Carolinians were tense, with the former tossing rocks at the latter during drill exercises and firing on them if they went into the woods near the camp. As a result, an Ohio company was ordered to protect the Third Regiment.[20] Even after the First Georgia was disbanded, complaints about incidents of misconduct were ascribed to the North Carolinians, since most whites believed that a unit with black officers could not maintain discipline. The white-officered Sixth Virginia Volunteers thus avoided complaints. At Young's request, the Sixth Virginia was shifted into a different brigade and complaints about misconduct thereafter declined.[22]
Knoxville newspapers were initially critical of the Third Regiment in its first weeks at Camp Poland, though in time they came to appreciate its drilling and the behavior of its soldiers visiting the city. The Knoxville Journal reported, "The men realize that their actions are watched closely and it is their desire to so conduct themselves as to gain the confidence and respect of every one with whom they come in contact as true soldiers."[23] Nevertheless, the morale of the unit continued to suffer, as soldiers griped about the rigid discipline demanded by Young. Camp Poland also lacked adequate supplies and clean water, which Young reported to his superior, General Thomas L. Rosser.[23] In October it was announced that the Third Regiment would be transferred to Camp Haskell near Macon, Georgia. Disgruntled by racial atmosphere in Georgia and the Deep South, some soldiers began to hope the unit would be posted to Cuba as a way of avoiding discrimination.[24] Morale dipped further after the Democrats won significant victories in North Carolina's state elections in early November.[25] This was shortly followed by the Wilmington massacre on November 10, which was committed with the complicity of the Wilmington Light Infantry, a white unit already released from federal duty.[25][26]
The Third Regiment left Camp Poland for Georgia on November 23. The North Carolinians constituted part of the 4,000 black volunteers stationed at the camp, which became a significant grievance for local whites. Local white newspapers and the Governor of Georgia complained that the black troops were poorly-behaved and stoked violence, but most criticism was targeted at the Third Regiment due to its black leadership. The Atlanta Journal wrote, "A tougher and more turbulent set of Negroes were probably never gotten together before."[25] President of the Raleigh-based Shaw University Charles F. Meserve was intrigued by the negative press and decided to travel to Camp Poland unannounced in late December to ascertain the situation. Many of the soldiers and officers were themselves former students at Shaw with whom he was personally acquainted.[25] Meserve toured the Third Regiment's quarters and interviewed white staff officers at the camp. He reported that the barracks were "well nigh perfect" in terms of cleanliness, that Young forbade the serving of alcohol at the canteen, and wrote that the white provost marshal, Major John A. Logan Jr., had thought well of the unit's disciplinary situation. Captain J. C. Gresham, a white Virginian, said that "he had never met a more capable man than Colonel Young."[27] Despite Meserve's assessment, white criticism of the regiment in the press continued.[28] Four soldiers were murdered by white Georgians, who were all excused in court for justifiable homicide.[29]
In January 1899 it was announced that the Third Regiment would be mustered out of service. The soldiers were discharged in the first week of February and sent via train from Macon to Raleigh. Macon authorities told Atlanta leaders that the black veterans were likely to cause trouble, so on the day of their arrival in Atlanta a large contingent of police officers surrounded the train station. They boarded the cars in search of a reported "ringleader" and in the process beat many soldiers on the head with clubs. The one civilian passenger on the train reported that there were no problems with civil order before the police arrived.[30]
Edward A. Johnson, a black alderman of Raleigh, requested that the now Democrat-dominated North Carolina General Assembly pass a resolution to honor black soldiers who had done "their duty under the flag".[30] The request was ignored, and in 1899 the legislature instead legally barred blacks from serving in the State Guard. The body also struck Young's name from the cornerstone of a state school for the mentally ill, blind, and deaf he had advocated for when he was a legislator.[30] The following year the General Assembly amended the state constitution in such a manner which effectively disenfranchised most black voters. Young was hired by the federal government as a deputy revenue collector, while five other former officers of the Third Regiment joined all-black units which fought in the Philippine–American War.[31] Several decades after the Spanish–American War, Josephus Daniels conceded that the men of the regiment "made much better soldiers than anybody expected".[32]Berthold Alfred Maria Schenk Graf[A 1] von Stauffenberg (15 March 1905 – 10 August 1944) was a German aristocrat and lawyer who was a key conspirator in the plot to assassinate Adolf Hitler on 20 July 1944, alongside his younger brother, Colonel Claus Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg. After the plot failed, Berthold was tried and executed by the Nazi regime.
Berthold was the oldest of three brothers (the second being Berthold's twin Alexander Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg) born into an old and distinguished aristocratic South German Catholic family. His parents were the last Oberhofmarschall of the Kingdom of Württemberg, Alfred Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg, and Caroline née von Üxküll-Gyllenband. Among his ancestors were several famous Prussians, including most notably August von Gneisenau.
In his youth, he and his brothers were members of the Neupfadfinder, a German Scout association and part of the German Youth movement.[1][2][3][4]
After having studied law at Tübingen, he became assistant professor of international law at the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute of Foreign and International Law in 1927. He and his brother Claus were introduced by Albrecht von Blumenthal to the circle of the mystic symbolist poet Stefan George, many of whose followers became members of the German Resistance to National Socialism. He worked at The Hague from 1930 to 1932 and in 1936 married Maria (Mika) Classen (1900–1977). They had two children: Alfred Claus Maria Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg (1937–1987) and Elisabeth Caroline Margarete Maria Schenk Gräfin von Stauffenberg (b. 13 June 1939). He lived with his family in Berlin-Wannsee.
In 1939, he joined the German Navy, working in the High Command as a staff judge and advisor for international law.
Berthold's apartment at Tristanstraße in Berlin, where his brother Claus also lived for some time, was a meeting place for the 20 July conspirators, including their cousin Peter Yorck von Wartenburg. As Claus had access to the inner circle around Hitler, he was assigned to plant a bomb at the Führer's briefing hut at the military high command in Rastenburg, East Prussia, on 20 July 1944. Claus then flew to Rangsdorf airfield south of Berlin where he met with Berthold. They went together to Bendlerstraße, which the coup leaders intended to use as the centre of their operations in Berlin.
Hitler survived the bomb blast and the coup failed. Berthold and his brother were arrested at Bendlerstraße the same night. Claus was executed by firing squad shortly afterwards.
After his arrest, Stauffenberg was questioned by the Gestapo about his views about the "Final Solution to the Jewish Question". Stauffenberg told the Gestapo that “he and his brother had basically approved of the racial principle of National Socialism, but considered it to be 'exaggerated' and 'excessive'.”[5] Stauffenberg went on to state,
The racial idea has been grossly betrayed in this war in that the best German blood is being irrevocably sacrificed, while simultaneously Germany is populated by millions of foreign workers, who certainly cannot be described as of high racial quality.[5]
Berthold was tried in the Volksgerichtshof ("People's Court") by Roland Freisler on 10 August and was one of eight conspirators executed by strangulation, hanged in Plötzensee Prison, Berlin, later that day.  Before he was killed Berthold was strangled and then revived multiple times.[6] The entire execution and multiple resuscitations were filmed for Hitler to view at his leisure.[6][7]
Vladimír Petříček (born 17 June 1948) is a retired Czech rowing coxswain who competed for Czechoslovakia. He had his best achievements in the coxed pairs with Oldřich Svojanovský and Pavel Svojanovský, winning the European title in 1969, an Olympic silver medal in 1972, and a world championships bronze medal in 1974.[1] He also won a bronze medal in the coxed fours at the 1972 Olympics and finished fourth in 1976.[2]
This article about a Czechoslovak Olympic medalist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This biographical article relating to Czechoslovak rowing (1918–1992) is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Edward J. Blythin
Republican
Frank Lausche
Democratic
The Cleveland mayoral election of 1941 saw the election of Frank Lausche, who defeated incumbent mayor Edward J. Blythin, who had assumed the office when Harold Hitz Burton resigned as mayor to take a seat in the United States Senate.Koonan is a town in the far west of Ivory Coast. It is a sub-prefecture and commune of Ouaninou Department in Bafing Region, Woroba District.
In 2014, the population of the sub-prefecture of Koonan was 6,553.[2]
The fifteen villages of the sub-prefecture of Koonan and their population in 2014 are:[2]
This Woroba District location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The James M. Baxter Terrace was a public housing complex in Newark, New Jersey. Named after James M. Baxter, it was opened in 1941. It was closed and demolished in 2009 due to social and financial neglect.[1][2] The housing was partially replaced in 2012 by 90 apartments known by the name of Baxter Park.[2][3]
Under the Federal Housing Act, the Newark Housing Authority was created in 1937. The Housing Authority was tasked with creating affordable housing for low income residents. When the first contracts were signed between the Federal Housing Authority and the city of Newark, Baxter Terrace was among the first projects to be built.[4] The complex was named after James M. Baxter, the principal of the first high school for Black students in Newark.[2]
One of the first public housing facilities in the United States, Baxter Terrace was open for 68 years.[2] Through the 1950s, Baxter Terrace remained the only majority Black housing project in Newark. The 14 acres of housing was informally segregated, with Black people living on one end, and whites on the other.[5]
Many early residents took pride in the community, with one father being cited as writing a theme song for it.[6]
A group of teenagers who sang in the Baxter Terrace recreation hall went on to become the Monotones, a doo-wop group.[5]
Baxter Terrace was closed and demolished in 2009 and replaced by Baxter Park in 2012. Baxter Park became more focused on having mixed incomes rather than focusing specifically on housing low income people.[1][2] Former residents of Baxter Terrace have held reunions.[5]
The façade of Baxter Terrace was preserved in demolition, with parts being brought to and displayed at the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture.[2][7]The Batalhão de Apoio Aeroterrestre (Aeroterrestrial Support Battalion), based at the ETP - Escola de Tropas Páraquedistas (Parachute Troops School), in Tancos is unit responsible for the execution of several key missions of the Portuguese Parachute Troops, such as the operation of launch zones (CPRECs), folding and maintenance of parachutes (CEA) and launching of air supply (CAA).[1]
The missions of the Airborne Operational Battalion are delegated to the various companies that comprise it:[2]

This Portugal-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This European military article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Operation Washtub, also known as STAGE (Stay Behind Agent Program), was a top secret joint operation between the United States Air Force's Office of Special Investigations and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Officially, its purpose was to build an intelligence network in the event that the Soviet Union invaded and occupied Alaska. Primarily formulated by J. Edgar Hoover and his then protegé Joseph Carroll (DIA), the Operation was enacted from 1951 to 1959, when Alaska was granted statehood.[1] The primary objectives of Operation Washtub were fostering potential stay-behind agents in the then Territory of Alaska for covert intelligence gathering, and maintaining evasion and escape facilities for captured friendly American Forces.[2]
The FBI "abruptly" ended its involvement in September 1951, for reasons which do not appear in declassified FBI materials.[3] Correspondence dated to that time period would indicate that Director Hoover directly ordered the FBI to "get out at once," fearing humiliation for the agency should an invasion occur. This meant that almost the entirety of the operation's realization was carried out by the Air Force Office of Special Investigations.[1]
The agents chosen for this operation needed to live locally, be able to move around, not be obvious targets for Russian invaders, and not be military personnel. The proposal specifically states that fishermen and bush pilots would make good candidates. The selection of agents from Eskimo and Aleut peoples was avoided due to intelligence figures' suspicions of their loyalties, with official documents stating "their prime concern is with survival and their allegiance would easily shift to any power in control.” [1][4] Locations for the agents were chosen for their strategic significance, with particular interest in centers of transport and communication.[5] Cities with known agents included Anchorage, Fairbanks, Palmer, Big Delta, and Cordova.
The agents were trained separately from one another, being left unaware of the other's identities, so that in event of capture or corruption no other agents would be compromised. In addition to this the agents' training included simple methods of coding, observation and communication, scouting and patrolling, airdrop and pick-up techniques, close combat, and Russian uniforms and equipment. In order to fulfill the primary objective of this operation - the covert collection of intelligence information in the Alaskan Territory - the agents were also interested in military information, and any intelligence that they deemed to be important. For coordination between the leaders of the operation and its agents there were Administrator Liaisons for the agents to contact. For this operation the agents were equipped with 30-06 rifles with a times 4 scope, a small calibre pistol with a maxim silencer, camera, climbing rope and various other things to keep the agents alive, all supplied by the government for the agents. The second part of the operation being an escape and evasion plan for downed American planes, this includes the supply caches that were available for all sections of the US military. During the operation the agents were paid an inactive fund of $3,000 (approximately $35,000 in 2024) per year, which was said to be doubled once the invasion was to begin[citation needed].
At the end of the operation there were a total of 89 agents presumably being placed in the various regions provided in the official document. Agents named in declassified documents included Dyton Abb Gillard,[1] Guy Raymond, Ira Weisner, and most notably Bob Reeve[6] an Alaskan bush pilot who was the founder of the now defunct Reeve Airways. Ultimately the Operation ended due to the costs of maintaining the agents' funds and the cost of supplying the caches in the unbearable weather. Deborah Kidwell,[7] an official military historian of the OSI, comments that the caches were turned into survival caches.The Youth in the South Schleswig Voters' Association (Youth in the SSW) (Danish: SSWUngdom, German: Jugend im SSW) is a political youth organization in Germany. It is the youth wing of the South Schleswig Voters' Association
The official name of the organization is Sydslesvigsk Vælgerforenings Ungdom in Danish and Jugend im Südschleswigschen Wählerverband in German. The corresponding abbreviations are SSWUngdom and Jugend im SSW, respectively. There is no official English name, but a rough translation of the German name is Youth in the South Schleswig Voters' Association, abbreviated to Youth in the SSW.[1]
According to their own description,[2] the Youth in the SSW are non-ideological.
Instead, they choose to let their political positions be determined by three factors.  Members must:
Four key principles are used to determine their positions on a given matter:
Historically, the SSW has had various informal youth groups, but these tended to disband as their members left Southern Schleswig to study in the larger cities of Denmark or Germany. In 2009, Manuel J. Thomsen established Youth in the SSW with the aim of providing a more permanent youth organization. The new group held their first National Convention in 2010, where the members adopted their first by-laws, adopted their first political program, and elected their first Board, with Lukas A. Lausen as Chairman. Under Lausen, the youth wing increased its membership five-fold, doubled its budget, and formalized a relationship with the press. At the National Convention of 2011, the by-laws were changed to allow the creation of local branches, and the second National Board was elected under the chairmanship of Jonas Knickmeier.[3]
The Youth in the SSW consists of two local branches (one in Flensburg and one in Schleswig) and the national federation. The local branches, or districts, are responsible for local politics, recruiting new members and arranging informative and social gatherings. The national federation is responsible for communications and national politics. On both levels, the members gather once a year for a local or national convention in order to discharge the old board, elect a new one and debate the challenges of the coming year. The National Board consists of the chairperson and two deputies. Additionally, an indeterminate number of ordinary board members are also elected every year. The same goes for the Local Board, which is usually smaller than the National counterpart.
Legally, the Youth in the SSW is a working group within the mother party, which means it is not an independent organization. Nevertheless, it chooses its own course, without further interference from the SSW. Furthermore, all members of the SSW under the age of 26 are members of the Youth Wing and vice versa. It sees itself as the political voice of the youth in the Danish minority of Southern Schleswig, and as responsible for making the ideas and political beliefs of that demographic clearly visible in the actions of the political representation of the minority. Therefore, it primarily functions within the larger framework of the SSW. Some elected officials of the youth wing are ex officio members of the organs of the mother party, whereas other members of the Youth in the SSW get elected to these organs in their own right. For example, the members of the youth wing elect three delegates to the National Convention of the SSW, but nothing prohibits SSW members under the age of 26 from being elected delegates by their local party branches. Financially, the bonds are tight. Eighty percent of the youth wing's budget comes from the main party, which is expected to decrease as government institutions on different administrative levels increase their shares.Samuel Edwin "Sam E." Rork (c. 1870 – July 24, 1933) was an American silent film producer.
Samuel Edwin Rork was born around 1870 in Albany, New York.[1]
He started his career at Wallack's Theatre in New York City.[1]
He moved to Los Angeles, California with Mack Sennett, for whose company, Mack Sennett Enterprises, he worked.[1] He later worked as a producer for First National.[1] He then set up his own film producer company, Sam E. Rork Productions, and produced eight films.[1]
He produced Clothes Make the Pirate in 1925.[2] A year later, in 1926, he produced Old Loves and New and The Blonde Saint.[2] In 1927, he produced The Notorious Lady, A Texas Steer, and The Prince of Headwaiters.[2] In 1932, he was the associate producer of Call Her Savage.[3]
He married Helen Welch. They had a daughter, Ann Rork, a silent actress.[4]
He died on July 24, 1933, in Hollywood, California.[1]
This article about an American film producer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Thomas B. Kidner (1866–1932) was one of the founders of the National Society for the Promotion of Occupational Therapy (NSPOT) later renamed the American Occupational Therapy Association (AOTA). He served as president of the society from 1923 to 1928.
Kidner was born in 1866 in Bristol, England,  the son of Robert Kidner and Mary Ann Bessell Kidner.[1]
In 1890, he married Emily Edith Allen; they had three children.[2]
He migrated to Canada in 1900 as one of three teachers selected by the Macdonald Manual Training Fund of Canada to introduce technical education to elementary school children.[2] While in Canada he had many roles in education and passionately incorporated manual training into his programs including the programs to rehabilitate soldiers returning from World War I in Canada he ran from 1916 until coming to the United States. These programs gained the attention of Eleanor Clark Slagle, Elizabeth Upham-Davis, and members of the US Federal Board for Vocational Education.
These programs were a product of Kidner's time as the vocational secretary of the Military Hospitals Commission. After being named vocational secretary he promptly moved to Ottawa in January 1916. In Ottawa, he was given the duty of preparing soldiers returning from World War I to return to their former vocational duties or retrain soldiers no longer able to perform their previous duties. He developed a program that engaged soldiers recovering from wartime injuries or tuberculosis in occupations even while they were still bedridden. Once the soldiers were sufficiently recovered they would work in a curative workshop and eventually progress to an industrial workshop before being placed in an appropriate work setting. He used occupations (daily activities) as a medium for manual training and helping injured individuals to return to productive duties such as work.[1]
While involved with NSPOT, he used his background as an architect to help build the foundation for occupational therapy including pushing for a national registry and training standards to ensure that occupational therapists were properly trained to treat clients. He also pushed for occupational therapy to stay within the medical field. Kidner's association with the medical professional association in the United States to head towards this goal and even helped push for the occupational therapy insignia to include components of the medical insignia.
He is credited with bringing crafts, in general, as the intervention for treatment in occupational therapy beginning at the Military Hospitals Commission in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. Within AOTA, his main concern was to establish the structure and function of the association. He began a registry of therapists and instituted standards in education and desired all therapists to promote OT and keep the profession in the public eye.
After leaving NSPOT/AOTA, Kidner worked with the National Tuberculosis Association, as the head of the Advisory Service on Institutional Construction until 1926.[3] He then returned to his original occupation, working as an architect from 1926 until his death. He died suddenly at the home of his son, Arthur, in Beechhurst, NY,  on June 14, 1932.[4]Atakpamé is the fifth largest city in Togo by population (84,979 inhabitants in 2006), located in the Plateaux Region of Togo.[1] It is an industrial centre and lies on the main north-south highway, 161 km north of the capital Lomé.  It is also a regional commercial centre for produce and cloth.
Atakpamé is located on a hilly wooded savannah on the eastern end of the Atakora Mountain range, and together with Kpalimé represent the last major settlements of Yoruba origin dotted between the Niger and the Volta rivers.[2] In the 1764 Battle of Atakpamé, the town played host to a clash between the rebellious Akyem vassal state with the help of Yoruba mercenaries of the Oyo Empire and the Dahomeans against the forces of the Ashanti Empire under their Asantehene, Kusi Obodom.  In 1763, the Ashante vassal state of Akyem made contact with the Dahomeans to the east while planning a rebellion with other dissident vassal states within the empire, such as the Kwahu and Brong. In the meanwhile, the Bantamahene, one of the Asante senior military officers had been relentlessly pressuring Asantehene Kusi Obodum to crush the building rebellion in war. The Bantamahene Adu Gyamera even went as far as threatening Asantehene's impeachment from power. However The Asantehene ordered no invasions until news reached them that the Akyems had sought out aid from the Oyo Empire. The result of the battle was a crushing defeat of the Ashanti forces and the death of their Juabenhene (head of one of the royal clans). The repercussion of this defeat by the Oyo Empire was the destoolment of Kusi Obodum, who was replaced by a much younger and charismatic Asantehene, Osei Kwadwo.[3]
In 1902, the town was the scene of a scandal in which German Catholic missionaries accused German colonial officials of mistreating girls. The scandal had reverberations in German politics.[4] In 1914, during World War I, the British and French invaded the German colony of Togoland during the Togoland Campaign. It was aimed at capturing or destroying a powerful German radio station at Kamina near Atakpamé.  The Allies feared that German maritime raiders would be able to maintain contact with Berlin via the station and thus rapidly pass on intelligence.  A short campaign began on 6 August 1914, and the Germans were forced to destroy the station on 24 August before surrendering to the Allies on 26 August.
It was during this campaign that Alhaji Grunshi fired the first shot by anyone in British service during the war. Most native residents of the city are the Ana subgroup of the Yoruba people.[5][6]
During Colonization the German colonial government built a wireless transmitter center in Kamina at Atakpamé from 1911 to 1914 in the Togolese colony. This transcontinental radio station served as a link for the German colonies among themselves and to establish a connection between these colonies and the German metropolis.
Atakpamé has a tropical savanna climate (Köppen Aw) characterised by a short dry season with the northeasterly harmattan trade winds from November to February and a lengthy though not intense wet season between March and October.
The town is served by a station of the main northern line of Togo Railways.
The town was the administrative centre of German Togoland.
Among the places of worship, they are predominantly Christian churches and temples : Roman Catholic Diocese of Atakpamé (Catholic Church), Evangelical Presbyterian Church of Togo (World Communion of Reformed Churches), Togo Baptist Convention (Baptist World Alliance), Living Faith Church Worldwide, Redeemed Christian Church of God, Assemblies of God.[10] There are also Muslim mosques.
Atakpamé is the home of Korikossa d'Atakpamé football club.[citation needed]
Atakpamé is twinned with:Tea Cove was located northwest of Stephenville, Newfoundland and Labrador.
48°39′02″N 58°57′20″W﻿ / ﻿48.65056°N 58.95556°W﻿ / 48.65056; -58.95556

This Newfoundland and Labrador location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Beinn Dearg (1,009 m) is a mountain in the Grampian Mountains of Scotland. It lies north of the Perth and Kinross village of Blair Atholl, in the Forest of Atholl.
It makes for a long but straightforward hill walk in the summer months and the views are extensive from its summit.[2]

This Scottish location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Forum of Fargo-Moorhead or more recently The Forum is an American, English language newspaper.[2]  It is the major newspaper for Fargo, North Dakota and the surrounding region, including Moorhead, Minnesota. It is the flagship and namesake of Forum Communications. The Forum, as it is commonly known, is the primary paper for southeast North Dakota, and also much of northwest Minnesota. Its average daily circulation was about 47,100 on Sundays and 37,500 on Saturdays prior to reducing its print schedule to semi-weekly.[3] The Fargo Forum was first published on November 17, 1891 by Major A. W. Edwards.  However, it traces its lineage to The Republican, which had been founded by Edwards in 1878 and merged into the Forum in 1894.
It has been owned by the family of Norman B. Black since 1917. Publisher Bill Marcil, Jr. is the son of Black's great-granddaughter; he is the fifth generation of the family to run the paper and the company.[4] It took its current form in 1966 when it merged with the Moorhead Daily News, which was acquired by The Forum in 1957.[5]
The Forum is also co-owned with radio station WDAY AM and TV stations WDAY-TV and WDAZ-TV. It used to own KOYY under the call sign WDAY-FM.  In spring 2008, The Forum's news staff merged with WDAY-AM's news team, forming one of the first joint radio-print news-gathering operations in the country.[6]
In 2015, higher education reporter Grace Lyden won the NDNA's Rookie of the Year award for her "bulldog tenacity."[7]
In 2020, the newspaper reduced its print schedule to Wednesdays and Saturdays due to economic stress caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.[8]
46°52′40″N 96°47′09″W﻿ / ﻿46.877759°N 96.785766°W﻿ / 46.877759; -96.785766﻿ (D: Forum, Fargo-Moorhead)

This article about a North Dakota newspaper is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Sennar Airport is an airport serving Sennar in Sudan.
Sennar Airport is the main airport of Sennar, Sudan.[1]

This article about an airport in Sudan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The following is a list of notable Chitrali people (also known as Kho people),[1][2] an Indo-Aryan ethnolinguistic group[3] native to Chitral, Gupis-Yasin and Ghizer districts of Pakistan.[4]
Wajid ur Rehman
Software Engineer Student
Wajid ur Rehman is a software engineering student from Pakistan, currently pursuing his Bachelor of Science (BS) in Software Engineering with plans to complete his studies in China. He is known for his academic achievements and dedication to his field.
Early Life and Education
Wajid ur Rehman was born and raised in [Chitral]. He completed his secondary education at Shaheed Aiman Khan Higher Secondary School, where he graduated with good marks. He then went on to complete his Higher Secondary Certificate (HSSC) at FG Degree College for Men, Peshawar, further building his foundation in science and technology.
Career and Studies
Wajid is currently a student of software engineering. He is particularly interested in software development and has gained significant knowledge, mastering up to 75% of the software creation process. He aims to complete his Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering from a university in China, pursuing his passion for technology and software development.
Future Plans
Wajid hopes to contribute to the field of software engineering through both academic achievements and practical applications, as well as engage in international collaborations to advance his knowledge and skills.
Personal Life
Wajid remains active in his local community and is well regarded by peers and family. He continues to work hard towards his professional goals while remaining connected to his roots.
IFF Art Film, previously known as Artfilm and Art Film Fest, is an annual international film festival founded in Trenčianske Teplice, Slovakia in 1993, shortly after the dissolution of Czechoslovakia.[1] The first event was held on 14 June 1993, under the auspices of UNESCO. It is the longest continuously running international film festival in the country.[2]
In 2016, 23 years into its history, the festival was relocated to Košice, Slovakia's second-largest city.[3] The event traditionally takes place from 14 to 22 June[4][5] and includes autograph signings, discussions, musical performances, and workshops.[6]
Artfilm was created by film director Petr Hledík, who has been the festival's longtime artistic director. According to Hledík, at the beginning of the 1990s, the Koliba film studios in Bratislava were in decline, funding for Slovak cinematography was rapidly dwindling, and films almost stopped being made.[7]
1993
The first festival was held on 14 June 1993 in the spa town of Trenčianske Teplice, under the auspices of UNESCO. It was dedicated to films focused on the Baroque period, as 1992 had been the International Year of the Baroque, and many films were made on the subject. In reaction to the breakup of Czechoslovakia, the festival's organisers decided to create a retrospective of documentary film work throughout the Czechoslovak era. That year, the celebrity guest of honour was British avant-garde filmmaker Peter Greenaway,[7] and the festival drew only 200–300 attendees.[7]
1995
As time went on, the organisers became increasingly aware that limiting the festival to documentaries was an unnecessary constraint, and they consequently widened its scope. In 1995, the event achieved its first major milestone: shifting focus to a presentation of films concerning art and artists. 1995 was also the year when the first Actor's Mission award was bestowed, going to Italian actor Franco Nero.[7]
1997
In 1997, the festival's screenings expanded to the nearby city of Trenčín,[7] and a feature film competition was introduced.
2001
Artfilm began awarding a variety of Slovak and international film professionals with the Golden Camera award for notable contributions to the filmmaking craft. The award has been received by numerous renowned cinema figures, including Roman Polanski, Jean-Claude Carriére, Emir Kusturica, Ettore Scola, Andrei Konchalovsky, Ulrich Seidl, Andrzej Wajda, Martin Hollý, Juraj Jakubisko, and Dušan Hanák.[7]
2002
Artfilm began to define itself as a festival of film artistry, and since then, it has focused on feature films from around the world. 2002 also saw the arrival of the open-air cinema known as the Čadík Brothers' Travelling Cinematograph.
2005
In 2005, the festival was subsumed by the production house Forza, and actor and singer Milan Lasica became its president, with Hledík as vice president.
2007
The festival celebrated its fifteen-year anniversary in 2007, having accumulated 105 total festival days and screened over 1,500 feature, medium-length, and short films, as well as animated, documentary, and experimental works.[7]
2009
Peter Nágel became the new program director in 2009,[7] and the festival changed its name to Art Film Fest. This was accompanied by a marked revival of audience interest, with the event attracting roughly 25,000 visitors.[4][5]
2016
In 2016, after 23 years, Art Film Fest changed its location, moving to the second-biggest city in Slovakia, Košice. Reasons included the festival's future prospects warranting improved conditions for further development, in the form of more convenient, comfortable, and varied cinema infrastructure, and in order to meet the modern standards of an international film festival. Events have since been held from 14 to 22 June at Košice's Kunsthalle exhibition space, Kasárne Kulturpark, the old town hall, Kino Úsmev movie theatre, the former tobacco factory of Tabačka Kulturfabrik—now a cultural centre, and at Amfiteáter Košice.
2020–2022
The event was not held in 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.[8] The following year, the organizers held a reduced five-day edition and in 2022, it was cancelled once more, this time owing to a lack of funds.[8]
Art Film Fest has several competition categories and awards. The feature film competition is evaluated by a five-member international jury, and the short film competition by a three-member international jury. Experts from various film professions are nominated in advance by the juries.
This competition is aimed at up-and-coming directors—only debuts or second and third films can be submitted.
This competition is not limited by genre—feature films, documentaries, animations, and other films can be submitted.
This prize, awarded since 1995, is associated with the tradition of attaching a sign with the awardee's name to the Bridge of Fame in Trenčianske Teplice.[9]
Numerous Czech, Slovak, and international actors have received the Actor's Mission trophy since the festival's inception in 1993, including Ben Kingsley, Gérard Depardieu, Jeremy Irons, Isabelle Huppert, Geraldine Chaplin, Klaus Maria Brandauer, Erland Josephson, Jacqueline Bisset, Omar Sharif, Jean-Paul Belmondo, Vlastimil Brodský, Iva Janžurová, Zdeněk Svěrák,[9] Josef Abrhám, Jozef Kroner, Juraj Kukura, and Marián Labuda.[7]
This gallery presents a sampling of Actor's Mission memorial plaques on the Bridge of Fame in Trenčianske Teplice.
No. 315 (City of Dęblin) Polish Fighter Squadron (Polish: 315 Dywizjon Myśliwski "Dębliński") was a Polish fighter squadron formed in Great Britain as part of an agreement between the Polish Government in Exile and the United Kingdom in 1941. It was one of 15 squadrons of the Polish Air Force in exile that served alongside the Royal Air Force (RAF) in World War II.[1] It was named after the city of Dęblin, where the main Polish Air Force Academy has been since 1927.
The squadron was formed at RAF Acklington, England, on 21 January 1941. The squadron, equipped with Hurricanes, was moved in March to RAF Speke, Liverpool, where it made frequent patrols over naval convoys as part of No. 9 Group RAF. Before July, when it came under Polish command. No 315 was commanded by Squadron Leader H. D. Cooke.
In July it was moved to RAF Northolt, West London, re-equipped with Spitfires and began to conduct offensive fighter sweeps over occupied Europe. During two operations over France, on 9 August, the squadron achieved its first aircraft claims—two Bf 109s destroyed, three probables and three damaged. The squadron returned to Lancashire in April 1942, located at RAF Woodvale, Sefton. The squadron returned to Northolt in September and resumed operations over France. In June 1943, the squadron was withdrawn to Yorkshire, then to County Down, Northern Ireland in July.
Having returned to England in November, the squadron moved to the south west in April 1944, where it joined No. 133 Wing RAF of the 2nd Tactical Air Force. The squadron was re-equipped with the Mustang Mk III, which the squadron used for the remainder of the war. The squadron formed part of southern England's defence against the V-1 flying bombs and served in the Battle of Normandy.
During a sweep over France on 18 August, 12 Mustangs of No. 315 engaged 60 German fighters of JG2 and JG26, which was in the process of taking off and landing near Beauvais, France. In the ensuing battle, the squadron was credited with 16 victories, 1 probable and 3 damaged for the loss of one pilot, Squadron Leader Eugeniusz Horbaczewski. Conversely, German claims were that 12 aircraft had been lost and that they had themselves shot down 6 aircraft (one of which was claimed to be a Lockheed P-38 Lightning).
The squadron later carried out operations over Germany, Norway and the Netherlands, where the squadron carried out sorties until the end of the war. The squadron claimed 86.33 confirmed victories, 18 probable and 26 damaged. After the war, 315 Squadron remained part of RAF Fighter Command until it was disbanded on 14 January 1947.Point of No Return [5' 00"] is a "ballet for tape (stereo)" composed by Juan Maria Solare. It was designed in Worpswede from January 24, 2002 to January 28, 2002, with details released on March 14, 2002, and made in Cologne at the composer's studio from September 29 to October 5, 2005. Its first performance was on April 13, 2003 at the Akademie für Tonkunst in Darmstadt, Germany, in the frame of the concert "Begegnung mit Lateinamerika - Elektroakustische Musik" ("Encounter with Latin America - electroacoustic music" in German), on the 57th day of the Institut für neue Musik und Musikerziehung (Institut for New Music and Music Education). It was a mixer in 8-canals by the composer.
It was broadcast on Radiofabrik in Salzburg on June 13, 2004 in the program "Lyrik und Musik aus Lateinamerika" produced by Luis Alfredo Duarte Herrera. It was also broadcast by the WDR in June 2005 during a program on electroacoustic music of Latin America prepared by Torsten Eßer. It premiered in Argentina during a concert by "Imaginario Sur" of the Instituto Universitario Nacional de las Artes on August 18, 2004 at the La Manufactura Papelera, Buenos Aires. It won the first prize at the 2nd "Concurso Promociones Electroacústicas" organized by the Federación Argentina de Música Electroacústica (Regional Buenos Aires) together with the Conservatorio Nacional and the Instituto Tecnológico ORT in September 2005. It was also performed at the Conservatorio Nacional in Buenos Aires on October 7, 2005, in Santa Fe, Argentina in November 2005 within the frame of the 20th Reunión de Música Electroacústica and on December 12, 2002 at the Hochschule für Musik Köln in Cologne, in the cycle Aula Konzerte.[1]
Ealdbeorht (or Alberthus or Ealdberht) may have been a medieval Bishop of Dunwich.
According to Powicke and Fryde (2nd ed., 1961) Ealdbeorht was in office as bishop of Dunwich in 775, having succeeded Eardwulf some time after 747, and in turn being succeeded by Heardred some time before 781.[1]
However, he is not included in the list of bishops in the third edition of the book (1986), where no entry intervenes between Eardwulf and Heardred.[2]  Nor was he included in the Prosopography of Anglo-Saxon England.
It would seem that whatever source was previously thought to imply his existence is now no longer thought to do so.


This article about an English bishop or archbishop is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Sackets Harbor and Saratoga Railroad Company is a predecessor railroad to the Delaware and Hudson Railway's Tahawus Branch.  It was not completed, although 60 miles (97 km) of it was eventually built (as required by its charter) from Saratoga Springs to North Creek. It was chartered in 1848, incorporated 1852 and surveyed in 1853. Approximately 20 miles (32 km) of disconnected grade was built in 1854. The railroad was then reorganized as the Lake Ontario & Hudson River Railroad. When the charter requirements were completed in 1871, the company was granted ownership of some 800,000 acres (3,200 km2) of Adirondack woodland. In 1902, the Board of Railroad Commissioners relieved the railroad (now owned by the D&H) of its obligation to build the railroad beyond North Creek, effectively extinguishing the concept of the SH&S.
Portions of the unfinished railbed may be found in Lewis County, and Warren County.
Golden Chicken (金雞 gam1 gai1) is a 2002 Hong Kong comedy-drama film directed by Samson Chiu starring Sandra Ng and involving cameo appearances from Andy Lau and Eric Tsang.
It was followed by two sequels: Golden Chicken 2 in 2003 and Golden Chicken 3 in 2014.
Kam (Sandra Ng) is a long time Hong-Kong prostitute. When she gets locked inside a cash machine vestibule with a would be thief (Eric Tsang) she relates to him some stories of her life as a prostitute and how she came to enter her profession.

This article related to a Hong Kong film of the 2000s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.King Bruce (3 June 1922 – 12 September 1997)[1] was a Ghanaian composer, band leader and musician.
Composer, arranger, band leader and multi-instrumentalist made his mark on Ghana's dance band highlife tradition in a variety of ways. Born in James Town, Accra,[2] Gold Coast (present-day Ghana).
In secondary school, King encountered and learned principles of Western music as well as songs from other Ghanaian ethnic groups, especially Twi and Ewe. But his parents did not envisage  a career in music and sent him for two years to London to study with an eye to a career in the civil service. There, however, King learned to play the trumpet. When he returned to Accra in 1951, he fell into the city's fledgling highlife scene and soon found himself playing in Teacher Lamptey's Accra Orchestra.
The next year, King co-founded the group whose name, if not its membership, would remain with him all his life: the Black Beats. The name reflected a heartfelt loyalty to African rhythms and feelings in his then colonial context. However, the swing sounds coming out of the United States definitely qualified as African, and swing was an important element in the Black Beats' sound, which featured a strong vocal lineup. In 1961, nine Black Beats members defected to form the Ramblers, and King Bruce had to find new members. The new member were all young musicians - the most notable was a young trumpeter Anthony Foley from  Mr Hammond's Brass Band. He became the lead trumpeter but later left for England. Other members of the group were Bengo Blay sax, Stanley Lokko sax, Jimi sax, Jerry Bampoe guitar. George Ofori and Quarcoo were vocals. Six years later, he was forced to choose between his semi-professional band and his civil service career. His pocketbook dictated the decision, and he handed off leadership of the band to another member.
During the 1970s, King got involved in organizing unions of musicians. He would be involved with three during his life, notably the Musician's Union of Ghana (MUSIGA), formed in 1974, and still going today. In 1977, he retired from the civil service and returned to music. But his later years were most noteworthy for the work he did in teaching other musicians. King's house in James Town, Accra, became the home base for as many as seven bands, all of whom benefited from his experience, leadership and instruction. When he died in 1997, he left behind many protégés, and his work will be felt in Ghana for years to come. John Collins and Banning Eyre wrote an article and biography on his life.Margaret Thrash is an American  writer of young adult fiction and memoirist, best known for her graphic novel memoir Honor Girl.
Honor Girl, Thrash's first book, was published by Candlewick Press in 2015.[1] The book describes her early life as a teenager coming out as a lesbian while attending conservative summer camp.[2][3][4] It received strongly favorable reviews[5] and was named a finalist for the 2016 Los Angeles Times Book Prize in the Graphic Novel/Comics category.[6] Her follow-up memoir, Lost Soul Be At Peace, published in 2018, explores a period of teen depression and her relationships with her family, notably her father, a federal judge.[7]
Thrash has also written two books in a mystery series for young adults. The first book called Strange Truth (formerly We Know It Was You)[8] was published in 2016 by the Simon Pulse imprint of Simon & Schuster.[9][10] The sequel, Strange Lies, was published in October 2017.[11]
Harper Perennial published Thrash's adult debut Rainbow Black on March 19, 2024.[12] The novel was described by The Washington Post as "Part mystery, part unsparing social commentary and part queer love story, Lacey’s personal history reads a little like Demon Copperhead’s — if he were a lesbian in New Hampshire."[13] It is a finalist in the fiction category for the 2024 New England Book Awards.[14]
Thrash currently lives in New Hampshire.[15] She was a frequent contributor to Rookie, a (now defunct) online magazine for teenage girls.[16]La Puye (French pronunciation: [la pɥi]) is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.

This Vienne geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.As of 2015, Tirukkural has been translated into Rajasthani only once.[1]
In 1982, the Kural text was translated into Rajasthani by Kamala Gurg. Titled Tirukkural Needhi Sastra, this was published in Jaipur. This remains the sole translation of the Kural text into Rajasthani.[2][3]: 683
Jorge V. José is a Mexican/American physicist born in Mexico City. Currently the James H. Rudy Distinguished Professor of Physics at Indiana University. He has made seminal contributions to research in a variety of disciplines, including condensed matter physics, nonlinear dynamics, quantum chaos, biological physics, computational neuroscience and lately precision psychiatry. His pioneering work on the two-dimensional x-y model has been exceedingly influential in many areas of physics and has garnered many citations.[1] He edited the book on the “40 Years of Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless Theory”, on two-dimensional topological phase transitions in 2013.[2][3] Three years later KT were awarded the 2016 Nobel Physics Prize.
José was born in Mexico City. He studied physics at the National University of Mexico. He finished his undergraduate degree in two and a half years, including an undergraduate thesis. He did his Ph.D. thesis under the advice of Leo P. Kadanoff at Brown University within a couple of years. Kadanoff hired him as a postdoctoral fellow thereafter during which time they wrote the ‘JKKN’ paper together with Scott Kirkpatrick and David Nelson.[1] The paper provided a theoretical foundation and extensions of the Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless (BKT) theory.[2][3]
After Brown University he was at the University of Chicago (1977-1979) as the first James Frank fellow. At Rutgers University he was a Research Assistant Professor for a year in the group of Elihu Abrahams. He joined the Northeastern University faculty where he was promoted from Assistant (1980-84), Associate (1984-88) to Full professor (1988-1994). He was then the Mathews University Distinguished Professor (1996-2007). In 1995 he was the founder and director of the ‘Center for Interdisciplinary Research on Complex System’ (CIRCS) at Northeastern (1995-2015). From 2005-2010 he was the Vice President for Research of the ‘System University of New York’ at Buffalo and a professor of Physics and Biophysics. From 2010-2016 he was the System Vice President for Research of Indiana University, being a member of the Physics Department in Bloomington and of the Stark Neuroscience Institute plus Adjunct Professor of Cellular & Integrative Physiology, at Indiana University School of Medicine,in Indianapolis.
He has been a visiting Professor at: The Laue-Langevin Institute, Grenoble, France (1984-1985): The Saclay Nuclear Research Centre, Paris, (1985): The Center for Theoretical Physics, University of Utrecht, the Netherlands  (1994-1995): The Salk Institute for Biological Sciences  (2001, 2016).
Apart from the JKKN paper José has published over 225 papers on: 1) Phase Transitions and Critical Phenomena. 2) Quantum and Classical Josephson Junction Arrays: 3) Superconducting Gauge Spin Glasses: 4) Localization in Lower Dimensional Systems: 5) Quantum and Classical Chaos: 6) Nonlinear Dynamics, 7) Solitons: 7) Cell biology models of the formation of the mitotic spindle: 8) Computational Neuroscience: 9) Neurodevelopment Disorders (his recent paper [4]) was ranked top 100 out of out of 1627 papers published in neuroscience in Scientific Reports (Nature): 10) Precision Psychiatry (see CV for references or short neuroscience bio).
In Collaboration with E. Saletan he published a graduate textbook on “Classical Mechanics: A contemporary approach”.[5] The book has been used extensively in graduate programs in the US and around the World.” He edited the book on the “40 Years of Berezinskii-Kosterlitz-Thouless Theory”, in 2013.[6] As a celebration of the 2016 Nobel Physics Prize he co-organized a meeting in Singapore together with Prof. L. Brink, Prof. J. M. Kosterlitz , Prof. M. Gunn and Prof. K. K. Phua. The proceedings of the meeting were published by World Scientific.[7]The Battle of Sangju was a battle during the Japanese invasions of Korea (1592–98). After capturing Busan and Dongnae, the Japanese army under  Konishi Yukinaga  advanced at a rapid rate of almost 20 kilometers per day towards the Joseon capital of Hanseong (present-day Seoul) .[2]
Joseon General Yi Il arrived at Sangju on 2 June with only a force of 60 cavalrymen. On receiving his formal assignment to block the Japanese advance from Busan towards Hanseomg while he was still in Gyeongsang Province, he found that his company of 300 supposedly first-rate troops consisted largely of untrained students and clerks conscripted out of government offices to replace men whose names were on the military lists, but who were either missing, already deceased, or claiming exemption due to illness. Rather than attempting to march this untrained force into battle, he took only his veterans, and hoped to recruit forces from the local garrison. On arriving in Sangju, he found that the garrison was completely depleted, as all of the soldiers had been called away to defend the provincial capital of Daegu to the south. With no soldiers, Yi decided to use grain from the government warehouses to recruit local peasants, and managed to gather a force of 900 men. These men were untrained and were little more than a mob, and Yi thought that he might have perhaps a week to train them. however, the Japanese army under Konishi Yukinaga arrived the following day. [1]
When one of Yi's peasant conscripts brought word that the Japanese advance contingent had been spotted, Yi refused to believe it and had the man beheaded for spreading rumors. He felt that it was impossible that the Japanese could have advanced from Busan to Sangju in only ten days. However, the report was soon verified, and Yi deployed his force on a hill behind Sangju.[1]
Konishi divided his army into two groups. The first, led by Konishi and Matsura Shigenobu took the town of Sangju without a fight. The second, consisting of 6700 men led by Sō Yoshitoshi, Ōmura Yoshiaki, and Gotō Mototsugu, headed directly to confront Yi. They approached through a forest, observed but out of range of Yi's archers. The archers failed to send warning to Yi, fearing the same fate as the man who had just been beheaded, and Yi was unaware of the Japanese approach until the vanguard emerged from the forest and shot down a scout less than a 100 meters from his position. The Japanese army then fanned out in three groups and rushed the Koreans. At 50 meters Yi's untrained forces broke and were cut down.[3]
Yi managed to escape north, discarding his armor and his horse in the process. He continued through the strategic Choryong Pass, which could have been held to good effect against the Japanese, and joined his superior, General Sin Rip at Chungju.[2]
The Japanese army continued its advance towards Chungju.[2]

RFA Retainer (A329) was an armament support ship of the Royal Fleet Auxiliary.
Built by Scotts of Greenock as Chungking, a cargo/passenger liner for the China Navigation Co. Both Chungking and her sister vessel Changchow (later RFA Resurgent lost their initial purpose due to the Communist revolution. Chartered for a year and a half to the French Messageries Maritimes, they were purchased by the British Admiralty in 1952.[1]
In 1959, Retainer was used with the missile trials ship HMS Girdle Ness for trials of replenishment at sea with the new Seaslug missile.[2]

This article about a specific naval auxiliary ship or boat of the United Kingdom is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Jackson Pace (born February 19, 1999) is an American actor. He was a series regular in the Showtime television series Homeland, playing Chris Brody from 2011 to 2013. He also portrays Gage in the AMC zombie hit series The Walking Dead.
Pace was born in Boca Raton, Florida. At age three, he was featured in a commercial and was "hooked ever since".[1] His first role was in 2006, on the television show Barney & Friends, playing Adam. He was featured in two episodes.[2]
In 2007, he had a minor role in one episode on USA Network's Law & Order: Criminal Intent. In 2008, he appeared in the Lifetime television film Queen Sized, starring Nikki Blonsky. He played her younger brother.
In 2011, he was cast in the Showtime series Homeland as Chris Brody, the son of main character Nicholas Brody (Damian Lewis).[3]Kenichi Yoshizumi (吉住 健一, Yoshizumi Ken'ichi) is a Japanese politician serving as the current mayor of Shinjuku, one of the special wards of Tokyo, since 2014.
Yoshizumi grew up in Shinjuku, attending Okubo Elementary School, Toyama Junior High School, and Hiroo Senior High School. He graduated from the law faculty of Nihon University in 1996, and began his political career as a secretary for Diet member Kaoru Yosano.[1]
Yoshizumi was elected to the Shinjuku municipal assembly in 2003 and re-elected in 2007. He was then elected to the Tokyo metropolitan assembly in 2009 and re-elected in 2013.[1] He became mayor of Shinjuku in November 2014.[2]
While Yoshizumi is currently not affiliated with a political party in his capacity as mayor, he has been supported by the Liberal Democratic Party, which he officially represented in the municipal and metropolitan assemblies. His LDP supporters include Miki Yamada, Keizo Takemi, Masaharu Nakagawa and Tamayo Marukawa.[3]
In 2015, Yoshizumi named Godzilla as the official "tourism ambassador" of Shinjuku in connection with the opening of the new Toho commercial complex in Kabukicho, which features a prominent Godzilla statue. Yoshizumi called the character "the pride of Japan."[4][5] In 2016, Yoshizumi presided over the introduction of public bicycle rental service in Shinjuku.[6]
Saint-Clair-du-Rhône (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ klɛːʁ dy ʁon]; literally 'Saint-Clair of the Rhône') is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.[3]
Saint-Clair-du-Rhône is twinned with:

This Isère geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Otnjukovia is a genus of butterflies in the family Lycaenidae.
It is monotypic containing only Otnjukovia tatjana (Zhdanko, 1984) from
Kazakhstan (Zhetyzhol Mountains, Almaty ).

This Polyommatini-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Zarrin Ju (Persian: زرين جو, also Romanized as Zarrīn Jū)[1] is a village in Itivand-e Shomali Rural District, Kakavand District, Delfan County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 6 families.[2]
This Delfan County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Anton Yuriiovych Ptushkin (Ukrainian: Антон Юрійович Птушкін; born 22 May 1984) is a Ukrainian documentary filmmaker, television presenter, YouTuber, traveller, journalist, and DJ.[1] He is known for having made "Saving the Animals of Ukraine: An Untold Story of War" and for hosting the television travel series Oryol i Reshka. Ptushkin was awarded the Honored Journalist of Ukraine title in 2020.
Ptushkin was born on 22 May 1984 in Voroshilovgrad (now Luhansk), a city in eastern Ukraine. He graduated from the East Ukrainian Volodymyr Dahl National University achieving a degree of sociology. After his graduation, he worked in a night club in Luhansk as a DJ and an art director.
In 2012, he moved to the capital, Kyiv and started to work at a radio station. He was the founder and director of the radio broadcast channels Lounge FM [uk] and Radio Piatnytsia [uk].
In 2017, he became the host of travel series Oryol i Reshka with Nastya Ivleeva. Together they filmed 3 seasons, totaling 65 episodes.
In June 2018, he announced that he had quit filming the series. Neither Ptushkin nor the TV show Teen Spirit Studio company stated the reason for his departure. His position in the show was taken over by Yevsey Kovalyov [ru].
After quitting the show, Ptushkin spent more time filming travel videos on his YouTube channel.[2] He also claimed that he ran his channel alone, without the help of cameramen, film editors and screenwriters.
Putushkin has a total of 5 YouTube channels, five posting in different languages, including the main channel in Russian[3] (formerly, before 2023) and the four other channels in English,[4] Ukrainian,[5] Spanish[6] and Portuguese.[7]Pimpin' on Wax is the debut solo studio album by American rapper JT Money. It was released on May 25, 1999, through Priority Records. Production was handled by Kevin "She'kspere" Briggs, Christoper "Tricky" Stewart, Dallas Austin and JT Money himself. It features guest appearances from Anthony Hamilton, Big Gipp, Evil, Solé, Too Short and Trick Daddy.
The album peaked at No. 28 on the Billboard 200 and No. 8 on the Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums. The single "Who Dat" featuring rapper Solé made it to number 5 on the Billboard Hot 100, number 2 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles & Tracks and number 1 on the Hot Rap Tracks. "Who Dat" was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America on September 30, 1999.
Pimpin' on Wax received mostly positive reviews from music critics. Entertainment Weekly's Matt Diehl praised the album's "booming Miami bass beats".[2] Stephen Thomas Erlewine of AllMusic was more critical, as he believed the album's production lacked diversity. Laini Madhubuti, in a review for The Source, critiqued the lack of depth in the album's lyrics, but commended it for its guest appearances. She concluded: "Despite the lack of variety and originality, Pimpin' On Wax is simply entertaining."[3]

Mawdesley is a civil parish in the Borough of Chorley, Lancashire, England.  It contains 18 buildings that are recorded in the National Heritage List for England as designated listed buildings.   Of these, one is listed at Grade I, the highest of the three grades, one is at Grade II*, the middle grade, and the others are at Grade II, the lowest grade.  The major building in the parish is Mawdesley Hall; this and two associated structure are listed.  The parish contains the village of Mawdesley, but is otherwise mainly rural.  Most of the listed buildings are, or originated as, farmhouses or farm buildings.  The other listed buildings include other houses, cottages, a bridge, and two churches.
Download coordinates as:
Citations
SourcesBronisław Ferens (1912 – 24 March 1991) was a Polish ornithologist, conservationist, and professor at the Jagiellonian University. He took a special interest in the fauna of the montane region, particularly the Tatra mountains.
Ferens was born in the Żywiec region. He became interested in the birds of the Tatra mountains and began to study them. He made intensive studies on some species such as the eagle owl (Bubo bubo). He collaborated with Janusz Domaniewski and Antoni Kocyan on the conservation of the region. From 1948 to 1963 he worked with the department of nature conservation and natural resources at the Polish Academy of Sciences. In 1957 he joined an expedition to Spitsbergen. From 1960 to 1970 he headed the bird biology division of the Jagiellonian University and headed the animal ethology department from 1976 to 1982.[1]Two Upbuilding Discourses is a book by Søren Kierkegaard published in 1843.
Kierkegaard published Two Upbuilding Discourses three months after the publication of his book Either/Or, which ended without a conclusion to the argument between A, the aesthete, and B, the ethicist, as to which is the best way to live one's life. Kierkegaard hoped the book would transform everything for both of them into inwardness.[1]
In 1832, Hegel began an argument with Christianity by saying that knowledge is not something hurtful to faith but helpful. He says, philosophy (the love of knowledge) "has the same content as religion." This is due, in part, to the efforts of "Anselm and Abelard, who further developed the essential structure of faith" in the Middle Ages.[2] Hegel wants people to base their belief in God on knowledge rather than faith, but, Kierkegaard wants each single individual to act out their faith before God. Faith isn't won by mental toil, it's won by personal struggle and the help of God.[3] Kierkegaard steers his readers away from the outer world of observation to the inner world of faith.
Upbuilding was translated Edifying in 1946 when David F. Swenson first translated them. They became Upbuilding Discourses in Howard V. Hong's translation of 1990. Kierkegaard compared the poet, A in Either/Or, to the upbuilding speaker in a book published in 1846, "the decisive difference between the poet and the upbuilding speaker remains, namely, that the poet has no end or goal other than psychological truth and the art of presentation, whereas the speaker in addition has principally the aim of transposing everything into the upbuilding. The poet becomes absorbed in the portrayal of the passion, but for the upbuilding speaker this is only the beginning, and the next is crucial for him to compel the stubborn person to disarm, to mitigate, to elucidate, in short, to cross over into the upbuilding."[4] And what did edifying or upbuilding mean to Kierkegaard? He explained this in relation to love in 1847, "To build up is to presuppose love; to be loving is to presuppose love; only love builds up. To build up is to erect something from the ground up – but, spiritually, love is the ground of everything. No human being can place the ground of love in another person’s heart; yet love is the ground, and we build up only from the ground up; therefore we can build up only by presupposing love. Take love away – then there is no one who builds up and no one who is built up."[5]
Either/Or ends with Kierkegaard’s first upbuilding discourse, The Upbuilding Thought That Lies in the Thought That in Relation to God We Are Always in the Wrong. [6] He says, "Why did you wish to be in the wrong in relation to a person? Because you loved. Why did you find it upbuilding? Because you loved. The more you loved, the less time you had to deliberate upon whether or not you were in the right; your love had only one desire, that you might continually be in the wrong. So also in your relationship with God. You loved God, and therefore your soul could find rest and joy only in this, that you might always be in the wrong. You did not arrive at this acknowledgment out of mental toil; you were not forced, for when you are in love you are in freedom."[7] Kierkegaard uses the Two Upbuilding Discourses to explain that the single individual has a relationship with God that is based on faith, not on knowledge. When faith announces itself within the individual, the job is to protect faith against its greatest enemy, doubt.[8]
The dedication is worded exactly the same in each of his eighteen upbuilding discourses. He didn't dedicate one of his discourses to his mother but only to his father. One scholar wondered about this: "With regard to family affairs, it is remarkable that Søren never mentions his mother. She is never even named in his journals; and while he never tired of speaking about his father and dedicated all his Edifying Discourses to him, we have not a single word from his pen about his mother. Not once is her death mentioned with even a word, although from other sources it would appear that he took this to heart, and sorrowed greatly."[10] It's not known why Kierkegaard never mentioned his mother in any of his works.
The Preface to each work is directed toward that single individual whom Kierkegaard refers to as my reader.
Although this little book (which is called "discourses", not sermons, because its author does not have authority to preach, “upbuilding discourses,” not discourses for upbuilding, because the speaker by no means claims to be a teacher) wishes to be only what it is, a superfluity, and desires only to remain in hiding, just as it came into existence in concealment, I nevertheless have not bidden it farewell without an almost fantastic hope. Inasmuch as being published it is in a figurative sense starting a journey, I let my eyes follow it for a little while. I saw how it wended its way down solitary paths or walked solitary on public roads. After a few little mistakes, through being deceived by a fleeting resemblance, it finally met that single individual whom I with joy and gratitude call my reader, that single individual it is seeking, to whom, so to speak, it stretches out its arms, that single individual who is favorably enough disposed to allow himself to be found, favorably enough disposed to receive it, whether at the time of the encounter it finds him cheerful and confident or “weary and pensive,” –On the other hand, inasmuch as in being published it actually remains quiet without moving from the spot, I let my eyes rest on it for a little while. It stood there like a humble little flower under the cover of the great forest, sought neither for its splendor nor its fragrance nor its food value. But I also saw, or thought I saw, how the bird I call my reader suddenly noticed it, flew down to it, picked it, and took it home, and when I had seen this, I saw no more. Copenhagen, May 5, 1843 Preface
His expectancy was humble. His hope was that one single individual might take an interest in his little pamphlet. Five years later he wrote,  “The big work, Either/Or was ‘much read and more discussed’-and then the Two Edifying Discourses, dedicated to my deceased father, published on my birthday (May 5), “a little flower hidden in the great forest, not sought out either for its beauty, or for its scent, or because it was nourishing’. No one took serious notice of the two discourses or concerned himself about them." One of his friends bought the book and complained because it wasn't clever. Kierkegaard offered him his money back.[11]
Either/or was indirect communication but Kierkegaard’s discourses are direct communication. The two modes of communication have ultimately the same aim: “to make aware of the religious, the essentially Christian.” [12]
Later, in May 1849, Kierkegaard wrote this:
This little book (which with regard to the circumstances of its appearance reminds me of my first, and more particularly of my first to my first, the preface to the two upbuilding discourses of 1843, which came out immediately after Either/Or) will, I hope, bring the same recollection to "that single individual whom I with joy and gratitude call my reader ": "It desires to remain in hiding, just as it came into existence in concealment-a little flower under the cover of a great forest." My reader will be reminded of that by the circumstances and in turn, I hope, will be reminded, as I am reminded, of the preface to the two upbuilding discourses of 1844: "It is offered with the right hand"-in contrast to the pseudonyms, which were held out and are held out with the left hand. Preface, Three Devotional Discourses, The Lily in the Field and the Bird of the Air.
Kierkegaard begins each of his Eighteen Discourses of 1843-1844 with a prayer. The following is part of his first prayer.
The new year faces us with its requirements, and even though we enter it downcast and troubled because we cannot and do not wish to hide from ourselves the thought of the lust of the eye that infatuated, the sweetness of revenge that seduced, the anger that made us unrelenting, the cold heart that fled far from you, we nevertheless do not go into the new year entirely empty-handed, since, we shall indeed also take along with us recollections of the fearful doubts that were set at rest, of the lurking concerns that were soothed, of the downcast disposition that was raised up, of the cheerful hope that was not humiliated.
“Before this faith came, we were held prisoners by the law, locked up until faith should be revealed. So the law was put in charge to lead us to Christ that we might be justified by faith. Now that faith has come, we are no longer under the supervision of the law. You are all sons of God through faith in Christ Jesus, for all of you who were baptized into Christ have clothed yourselves with Christ. There is neither Jew nor Greek, slave nor free, male nor female, for you are all one in Christ Jesus. If you belong to Christ, then you are Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise.” (NIV translation)
Every individual is engaged in a struggle with himself whether he knows it or not. He has a “natural need to formulate a life-view, a conception of the meaning of life and its purpose.”[13] Many will find meaning and purpose in maintaining health,[14] developing talent,[15] or having money.[16] All the worldly goods are outer goods[17] and each person struggles to possess his share of these goods. Kierkegaard says, “Faith is not only the highest good, but it is a good in which all are able to share, and the person who rejoices in the possession of it also rejoices in the countless human race, “because what I possess,” he says, “every human being has or could possess.”[18] No one ever has to struggle with another to gain faith. One must struggle only with oneself and with God.[19]
He goes on to say that it's a duty to have faith and not to have faith is a sin.[20] Kierkegaard says an individual "puts on duty," because duty is not "outside himself but within himself".[21] His definition of sin is that it's the opposite of faith.[22] He is interested in helping the person find faith but he has too much respect for the individual to just wish faith into his being. He says, "if I could do that, then the very moment I gave it to him I would be taking it from him, since by giving him the highest, I would be depriving him of the highest, because the highest was that he could give it to himself." (...) "Therefore, I will thank God that this is not the way it is. My love has only lost its worries and won joy, because I know that by my making every effort I still would be unable to preserve the good for him as securely as he himself will preserve it, and he must not thank me for it either, not because I am releasing him but because he owes me nothing at all." Early existentialist writers developed their thinking along this same line of thought. Delmore Schwartz said, "No one can take your bath for you." Martin Heidegger said, "No one can die your death for you." Rudolf Bultmann, along with Kierkegaard, said, "No one can hold your faith for you."[23]
Kierkegaard examined how different reactions to life's conditions are affected by whether an individual has faith or not. "When the world commences its drastic ordeal, when the storms of life crush youth’s exuberant expectancy, when existence, which seemed so affectionate and gentle, changes into a pitiless proprietor who demands everything back, everything that it gave in such a way that it can take it back-then the believer most likely looks at himself and his life with sadness and pain, but he still says, “There is an expectancy that the whole world cannot take from me; it is the expectancy of faith, and this is victory. I am not deceived, since I did not believe that the world would keep the promise it seemed to be making to me, my expectancy was not in the world but in God." (...) The other view is presented with this quote. "When everything changes, when grief supersedes joy, then they fall away, they lose faith, or, more correctly-let us not confuse the language-they then show that they never had it." Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses The Expectancy of Faith P.23-25
“Every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of the heavenly lights, who does not change like shifting shadows. He chose to give us birth through the word of truth, that we might be a kind of firstfruits of all he created. My dear brothers, take note of this: Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry, for man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires. Therefore, get rid of all moral filth and the evil that is so prevalent and humbly accept the word planted in you, which can save you. Do not merely listen to the word, and so deceive yourselves. Do what it says.” (NIV translation)
This discourse deals with the new way a Christian sees once he's discovered that he has faith. Again, one is not to explain what faith is, that would be a waste of time. In Fear and Trembling Kierkegaard says, "Even if someone were able to transpose the whole content of faith into conceptual form, it does not follow that he has comprehended faith, comprehended how he entered into it or how it entered into him."[24] Faith isn't an outer good; it is for the inner man. Kierkegaard says the following in Concluding Unscientific Postscript,
In the godly discourse about faith, the main point is that it informs us how you and I (that is, single individuals) become believers and that the speaker helps tear us out of all illusions and knows about the long and laborious way and about relapse. … we sit (in Church) and observe what faith is capable of doing-not as believers, but as spectators of the achievements of faith, just as in our day we do not have speculative thinkers but spectators of the achievements of speculative thought. But for the theocentric, speculative, and objective age it is, of course, more likely far too little- to become involved in the ultimate difficulties, where the question ultimately becomes as sharp, as penetrating, as disturbing, as uncompromising as possible about whether the individual, you and I, is a believer and about how we relate ourselves to faith from day to day. Postscript Note p. 419
It is very difficult for an individual to know that "God is good." We can try to change God and make our wishes his wishes but then Kierkegaard explains, "I would have been weak enough to make him just as weak; then I would have lost him and my trust in him, . . ."[25] Kierkegaard asks questions to try to understand how faith can be understood by an individual. He says, "Is there joy in heaven, only sorrow on earth, or only the news that there is joy in heaven! Does God in heaven bring out the good gifts and lay them away for us in heaven so that we can receive them sometime in the hereafter!"[26] His understanding is that God makes good and perfect gifts for "anyone who has enough heart to be humble."[27]
Too often individuals "pervert God's good gifts to their own detriment" or the second one wish is fulfilled they ask for another, without even remembering to say thanks to God for the first wish. The sermon text is there but Kierkegaard admits that sometimes he's "too cowardly, or too proud, or too lazy to want to understand the words properly." He also points out that people who are unable to live up to God's commands "prefer to be ashamed of themselves in their solitude." He says, "Have you been prompt in enduring the pain of the accounting; have you borne in mind that he loved you first? Have you been quick to judge for yourself that he should not continue to love you while you were slow to love in return?"[28] His point is: "A person can truly love God only when he loves him according to his own imperfection".[29]
Prayer: From your hand, O God, we are willing to receive everything. You reach it out, your mighty hand, and catch the wise in their foolishness. You open it, your gentle hand, and satisfy with blessing everything that lives. And even if it seems that your arm is shortened, increase our faith and our trust so that we might still hold fast to you. And if at times it seems that you draw your hand away from us, oh, then we know it is only because you close it, that you close it only to save the abundant blessing in it, that you close it only to open it again and satisfy with blessing everything that lives. Amen. Eighteen Upbuilding Discourses, p.31

So I am to thank God, says the pastor, and for what? For the good that he gives me. Excellent! But for what good? Presumably for the good that I can discern is a good. Stop! If I thank God for good I can discern to be a good, I am making a fool of God, because then my relationship with God means that I am transforming God into likeness with me instead of my being transformed in likeness to him. I thank him for the good that I know is a good, but what I know is the finite, and consequently I go ahead and thank God for complying with my notion. And yet, in my relationship with God, I am specifically supposed to learn that I know nothing definitely, consequently not whether this is a good, either-and yet I am to thank him for the good I know is a good, something I nevertheless may not know. What then? Shall I omit giving thanks to him when that which happens to me is a good according to my poor finite understanding, something I have perhaps ardently wished for, now that I have received it, makes me feel so overwhelmed that I must of necessity thank God? Søren Kierkegaard, Concluding Unscientific Postscript to Philosophical Fragments, Hong 1992 (1846) p. 178
“If a person were permitted to distinguish among Biblical texts, I could call this text [James 1:17-21] my first love, to which one generally (‘always’) returns at some time: and I could call this text my only love — to which one returns again and again and again and ‘always.’ ”Journals Book XI 3B 291:4 August 1855
Kierkegaard sold 200 copies of the Discourses and only one editor reviewed it. Either/Or was reviewed by both Meïr Aron Goldschmidt and Johan Ludvig Heiberg. The Two Discourses had to wait until 1927 to be noticed and wasn't translated into English until 1946 when David F. Swenson translated the eighteen discourses and published them in four volumes.[30] And then Howard V. Hong translated and published them in 1990 into one volume.[31] Scholars relate most of Kierkegaard's work to his relationship to his father, Regine Olsen, the Corsair affair, or his attack upon the church; all deal with his outer being.
Kierkegaard was a Lutheran and his stance was the same as that of Martin Luther's five solas. Hegel thought differently about faith, he says,
“The One Spirit is in fact the substantial foundation; this is the spirit of a people, as it takes a definite shape in the individual periods of the history of the world. it is the national spirit. This constitutes the substantial foundation in the individual; each person is born in his own nation and belongs to the spirit of that people. This spirit is in fact the substantial element, and as it were the identical element of nature; it is the absolute foundation of faith. It is the standard which determines what is to be regarded as truth. (…) Each individual as belonging to the spirit of his people is born in the faith of his fathers, without his fault and without his desert, and the faith his fathers is a sacred thing to the individual and is his authority. This constitutes that basis of faith afforded by historical development. “ Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Translated by Ebenezer Brown Speirs, Lectures on the philosophy of religion, together with a work on the proofs of the existence of God. Translated from the 2d German ed. by E.B. Speirs, and J. Burdon Sanderson: the translation edited by E.B. Speirs (1895) p. 222-223
The difference between Kierkegaard and Hegel was that Kierkegaard believed the single individual comes to faith while Hegel believes the whole nation comes to faith in a cosmic consciousness.[32]
Kierkegaard used Immanuel Kant as an example of a scientific individual and wondered how he would respond to Hegel were he alive. Kierkegaard wrote, "If a man like Kant, standing on the pinnacle of scientific scholarship, were to say in reference to demonstrations of the existence of God: Well, I do not know anything more about that than that my father told me it was so-this is humorous and actually says more than a whole book about demonstrations, if the book forgets this."[33]
Hegel believes faith is derived through necessity and Kierkegaard believes a person comes to faith in freedom. In Hegel's universe a person is a Christian because his father was a Christian, just like someone might be a plumber because his father was a plumber. Kierkegaard didn't believe that philosophy or history can lead anyone to faith. He even said, "Philosophy cannot and must not give faith."[34] He said the same thing in Either/Or.
Philosophy has nothing to do with what could be called the inner deed, but the inner deed is the true life of freedom. Philosophy considers the external deed, yet in turn it does not see this as isolated but sees it as assimilated into and transformed in the world-historical process. This process is the proper subject for philosophy and it considers this under the category of necessity. Therefore it rejects the reflection that wants to point out that everything could be otherwise; it views world-history in such a way that there is no question of an Either/Or. Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or Vol. II Hong p. 174
Kurt F. Reinhardt said the following in his 1952 book, The Existentialist Revolt (23):
The Socratic method consists, according to Kierkegaard, in leading the reader to a point where he finds out for himself what the author has been trying to convey to him, without the need of "direct communication." To accomplish this, Kierkegaard needed a number of sharply profiled individual characters whose thoughts and actions he could experimentally develop to their extreme possibilities. This is the explanation of the use of the many pseudonyms in Kierkegaard's works. "With my left hand," he says, "I gave to the world 'Either /Or (i.e., pseudonymous "indirect communication"), and with my right hand 'Two Edifying Discourses'" (i.e., "direct communication" over the signature of his own name).
John George Robertson discussed Kierkegaard's Two Upbuiding Discourses in 1914. "This is not the place to deal in detail with Kierkegaard's purely theological activity, although its significance, especially for Denmark, was quite as great as his writings on aesthetic and ethic questions. Has not Dr Brandes claimed for him that he is the greatest religious thinker of the entire nineteenth century? The militant character of Kierkegaard's individualism first assumed its full proportions in his interpretation of religious doctrines. Some three months after Enten Eller appeared To opbyggelige Taler (Two Edifying Addresses), in which he faced the difficult problem of reconciling the essentially social Christian faith with his own uncompromising individualism. The idea of altruistic Christian love put peculiar difficulties in his way, which he ultimately solved by defining that love, not as an immediate relation of one human being to another, but as an indirect relation through God."[35]
Walter Lowrie said the Two Discourses were an "either/or" meant for Regine Olsen. His general approach to the discourses was how they related to the outer aspects of Kierkegaard's life; especially his relationship with Regine Olsen.[36] He also mentions that his Upbuilding Discourses were "tardily translated" by the Germans "for the sake of completing the edition." "Therefore, since these works were not available to students the pseudonyms works were not rightly understood."[37] A later scholar agreed with Lowrie about Regine and went so far as to say, "Shortly before leaving Berlin he had finished part two of Either/Or and had set to work on the aesthetic part. The book was finished late in autumn, and came out on February 20, 1843. Of the reception it got I have spoken earlier. Some months later under his own name Two Edifying Discourses, which no one took any notice of. All through his life Kierkegaard has over and over again, and in all possible ways, asserted that his authorship can all be traced back to what he went through in his relationship with Regine."[38]
Kierkegaard tried to explain himself, “Although Either/Or attracted all the attention, and nobody noticed the Two Edifying Discourses, this book betokened, nevertheless, that the edifying was precisely what must come to the fore, that the author was a religious author, who for this reason has never written anything aesthetic, but has employed pseudonyms for all the aesthetic works, whereas the Two Edifying Discourses were by Magister Kierkegaard.”[39] "I held out Either/Or to the world in my left hand, and in my right the Two Edifying Discourses; but all, or as good as all, grasped with their right what I held in my left. I had made up my mind before God what I should do: I staked my case on the Two Edifying Discourses; but I understood perfectly that only very few understood them. And here for the first time comes in the category ‘that individual whom with joy and gratitude I call my reader’, a stereotyped formula which was repeated in the Preface to every collection of Edifying Discourses."[40]
He also explained what he meant by the individual human being. "'The individual’ is the category of spirit, of spiritual awakening, a thing as opposite to politics as well could be thought of. Earthly reward, power, honour, etc., have no connexion with the right use of this category. For even if it is used in the interest of the established order, inwardness does not interest the world; and when it is used catastrophically, it still does not interest the world, for to make sacrifices, or to be sacrificed (which may in fact be the consequence of declining to entertain the thought of becoming a power of a material sort), does not interest the world. ‘The individual’-that is the decisive Christian category, and it will be decisive also for the future of Christianity."[41]Geronimo is a United States Army airborne exclamation occasionally used by jumping paratroopers or, more generally, anyone about to jump from a great height, or as a general exclamation of exhilaration. The cry originated in the United States.
At least two different explanations place the origins of the exclamation in Fort Benning, Georgia, where some of the first of the US Army's parachute jumps occurred in the 1940s.
According to paratrooper Gerard Devlin, this exclamation dates from August 1940 and is attributed to Private First Class Aubrey Eberhardt, member of parachute test platoon at Fort Benning. The parachute had only recently been adopted for troop drops, and this platoon was the first to test it. On the eve of their first jump, the platoon decided to calm their nerves by spending the day before taking in a film at the Main Post Theatre and a night at the local beer garden. The film they saw was a Western featuring the Native American Geronimo. Its title is uncertain, but it was probably the 1939 film Geronimo with Andy Devine and Lone Ranger star Chief Thundercloud in the title role. On the way back to barracks, Eberhardt's comrades taunted him saying that he would be too scared to remember his name. Eberhardt retorted, "All right, dammit! I tell you jokers what I'm gonna do! To prove to you that I'm not scared out of my wits when I jump, I'm gonna yell Geronimo loud as hell when I go out that door tomorrow!" Eberhardt kept his promise, and the cry was gradually adopted by the other members of his platoon.[1]
In his book Beyond Band of Brothers: The War Memoirs of Major Richard Winters, Winters offers a different explanation: The 501st Parachute Infantry Regiment at Fort Benning was due to go on the first jump. At the time there was a popular song called "Geronimo" on the radio, which quickly became a favorite amongst the troops. The cry became known to the commanding officer who insisted they would instead jump out and cry "Currahee", the name of a mountain at Camp Toccoa, their first training camp. The paratroopers had run up and down the mountain frequently during training, the run known to the troops as "3 miles up, 3 miles down".
There is also a third explanation. Medicine Bluffs at Fort Sill, Oklahoma, where Geronimo was jailed as prisoner of war and his grave is located, are steep cliffs and have come to be known as Geronimo's Bluff.[2][3] Tall tales were told about Geronimo while at Fort Sill. It was said that one day Geronimo, with the Army in hot pursuit, made a leap on horseback down an almost vertical cliff, a feat that the posse could not duplicate. The legend continues that in the midst of this jump to freedom he gave out the bloodcurdling cry of "Geronimo-o-o!"[4][5] when in reality the source of the tale is expected to have come from a famous incident called McColloch’s Leap.
Initially, the top brass were wary of the cry, claiming that it constituted a lack of discipline. Others said that it showed bravery and should be encouraged. Eventually the latter view won out, and when the Army's paratrooper regiment grew, the cry grew with it. In the early 1940s, the Army's 501st and 509th Parachute Infantry Regiments incorporated the name "Geronimo" into its insignias, with the permission of Geronimo's descendants.[6][7][8] By then, the coverage of the paratroopers' exploits during World War II had made the cry "Geronimo" known to the wider public, and its use spread outside the military and U.S. Army.Street Acquaintances of St. Pauli (German: Straßenbekanntschaften auf St. Pauli) is a 1968 West German crime drama film directed by Werner Klingler and starring Günther Stoll, Rainer Brandt and Dagmar Lassander.[1]
It was shot at the Wandsbek Studios in Hamburg and on location around St. Pauli.
A nightclub owner who runs a major prostitution ring in the red light district of Hamburg kidnaps the daughter of an official in order to get him to stop investigating his business.

This article related to a German film of the 1960s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Urad Front Banner (Mongolian: ᠤᠷᠠᠳ ᠤᠨ ᠡᠮᠦᠨᠡᠳᠦ ᠬᠣᠰᠢᠭᠤ; Chinese: 乌拉特前旗) is a banner of Inner Mongolia, China. It is located in the west of the region, situated on the northern (left) bank of the Yellow River, on the Ordos Loop, and in between the cities of Bayan Nur and Baotou. Administratively, it is part of Bayan Nur City, and has a total area of 7,476 square kilometres (2,886 sq mi) and in 2020 had 257,826 inhabitants.
Urad Front Banner is made up of 9 towns and 2 sums. The banner's seat of government is located in Ulashan.[3]
This Inner Mongolia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Clive Michael Law (1954–2017) was a Canadian publisher and author, and founder and President of Service Publications.  He wrote and edited several books dealing with the Canadian military, including ground-breaking works on Canadian distinguishing patches worn since 1916, as well as the uniforms of the Canadian Expeditionary Force, and was the Canadian subject matter expert on the Canadian Inglis High-Power Pistol (Browning High-Power). As a senior public servant for the Government of Canada, he worked with Global Affairs Canada, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and Transport Canada.
Clive Law was born in London, England, on May 14, 1954. He emigrated to Canada at the age of four and became a Canadian citizen on March 5, 1971. He attended Bishop's College School where he participated in the Cadet movement, attaining the rank of Cadet Regimental Sergeant Major.
Law began his military service as a "Corporal Call-out" Staff Cadet on the establishment of the Regiment de Maisonneuve in June 1971. From September 1972 to April 1974, he was a Cadet Instructor List Officer with 2675 Royal Canadian Army Cadet Corps affiliated to 3rd Field Regiment (Royal Canadian Engineers). He officially enrolled in the Canadian Forces Primary Reserve on 23 May 1974, as an officer of the Governor General's Foot Guards. In 1976 he completed the Unit NBC Officer and Basic Parachutist courses before transferring to the Supplementary List in June 1976.
Service Publications (SP) was established in 1991 by Clive M. Law, an author and historian as well as former officer of the Governor General's Foot Guards. The company is devoted to the publication of books and periodicals regarding Canadian military subjects. SP sells books from other publishers as well as producing its own series of books. In addition to one-off titles by various authors, SP also releases titles as part of their own series of books, such as "Weapons of War" and "UpClose".
In addition, MilArt, an acronym for Military Artifact, was originally published as a paper newsletter from 1996 to 1999, at which time it went dormant due to Law's other commitments with Service Publications. Even though collectors of Canadian militaria are well served by two large, national, collectors' organizations (and countless local groups) Clive Law felt that ready access, via the web, to quality articles would benefit the Collector Historian community. Some articles featured have been written exclusively for MilArt while others have previously appeared in other media. MilArt allows for colour images, and more of them than is normally found in print journals. A number of categories have been established and more will be added as needed.
Law died on 10 June 2017, aged 63, survived by two children (Kathleen and Richard (Geneviève)) and his wife, Elizabeth Fournier-Law. He was interred in Beechwood Cemetery, Ottawa with full military honours.[1][2]

Law was awarded the Queen Elizabeth II Golden Jubilee Medal for his contributions to society.  The medal was awarded in early 2003, in recognition of his publishing accomplishments. The medal was presented by Dr. Serge Bernier, Director, History and Heritage at the Department of National Defence.
In May 2005 Mr. Law was elected a Fellow of the Company of Military Historians. This US-based organisation boasts over 1500 members and produces one of the best collector-oriented magazines. The Company concentrates on the uniforms of the armies of the Americas as well as those worn by other countries while in the Americas. He was also the recipient of the Loren Miller Medal for a display of concentrating on the uniforms of the Canadian Guards that he exhibited at the annual meeting in Providence, Rhode Island.
In 2009, as a Senior Public Servant, Mr. Law was deployed to Haiti in support of OP MINUSTAH. He was presented with the UN medal for MINUSTAH with numeral 2. During his time on deployment, he was instrumental in being part of the establishment of  the St John Ambulance First Aid, as the standard of the Haitian National Police.
Due to his help in creating a self-sustaining first aid program for the Haitian National Police, in 2010 Mr. Law was inducted as a Serving Member into the Order of St John, and was also presented with the Canadian Peacekeeping Service Medal by the Commissioner of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. In 2012 he was presented the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Medal following nomination by the Organization of Military Museums of Canada. This was presented by Richard Pound, Honorary Colonel of the Canadian Grenadier Guards.
In 2015 he was presented with the Minister of Veterans Affairs Commendation. His citation reads:
Mr. Law is a United Nations (UN) Peacekeeping Veteran who served with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police in Haiti. He is currently President of the Ottawa branch of the Canadian Association of Veterans of UN Peacekeeping (CAVUNP) and a former member of the Royal Canadian Legion. A federal public servant, Mr. Law also operates an Ottawa publishing firm. This company has published over 100 reference books on the Canadian Army related to the 19th and 20th centuries. These books have been distributed worldwide and can be found in numerous museums and at the Juno Beach Centre in France. Mr. Law has participated in Remembrance Day activities throughout Ottawa and read the Act of Remembrance at the 2012 Candlelight Ceremony during Veterans' Week. Since 2012, he has assisted in planning the annual Peacekeeper's Day parade. Mr. Law received an Award of Excellence from the Minister of Veterans Affairs in 2014.[3]
Law was active in many Canadian Military Research groups and organizations. Among them he was a member of the following:
The following were personally authored, or edited, by Law:
External link: http://www.servicepub.comHenry Hill (1732–1798) was an American merchant and politician.
Born on his well-to-do father's plantation in Maryland, Hill studied the mercantile profession and relocated to Philadelphia to enter the Madeira wine trade.[1] Hill was extremely successful in the wine business, selling to regular customers such as George Washington.[2]
In 1771, Hill was elected as a member of the American Philosophical Society.[3] He earned many political accolades. He became Justice of the Peace (1772), joined the Carpenters' Hall conference of the committees of safety (1776), and the Constitutional Convention of 1776. During the Revolutionary War, he served as Colonel of the 4th Battalion of Philadelphia Associators and subscribed five thousand pounds to the Pennsylvania Bank, which provided supplies for the Continental Army. He subscribed to the Bank of North America, and became one of its directors (1781-1792), all the while serving as a member of the Assembly, and of the Executive Council (1785-1788).[4]
In 1798, he died of yellow fever.[5]

This article about an American businessperson born in the 1730s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In the fields of medicine, biotechnology, and pharmacology, drug discovery is the process by which new candidate medications are discovered.[1]
Historically, drugs were discovered by identifying the active ingredient from traditional remedies or by serendipitous discovery, as with penicillin. More recently, chemical libraries of synthetic small molecules, natural products, or extracts were screened in intact cells or whole organisms to identify substances that had a desirable therapeutic effect in a process known as classical pharmacology. After sequencing of the human genome allowed rapid cloning and synthesis of large quantities of purified proteins, it has become common practice to use high throughput screening of large compounds libraries against isolated biological targets which are hypothesized to be disease-modifying in a process known as reverse pharmacology. Hits from these screens are then tested in cells and then in animals for efficacy.[2]
Modern drug discovery involves the identification of screening hits,[3] medicinal chemistry,[4] and optimization of those hits to increase the affinity, selectivity (to reduce the potential of side effects), efficacy/potency, metabolic stability (to increase the half-life), and oral bioavailability. Once a compound that fulfills all of these requirements has been identified, the process of drug development can continue. If successful, clinical trials are developed.[5]
Modern drug discovery is thus usually a capital-intensive process that involves large investments by pharmaceutical industry corporations as well as national governments (who provide grants and loan guarantees). Despite advances in technology and understanding of biological systems, drug discovery is still a lengthy, "expensive, difficult, and inefficient process" with low rate of new therapeutic discovery.[6] In 2010, the research and development cost of each new molecular entity was about US$1.8 billion.[7] In the 21st century, basic discovery research is funded primarily by governments and by philanthropic organizations, while late-stage development is funded primarily by pharmaceutical companies or venture capitalists.[8] To be allowed to come to market, drugs must undergo several successful phases of clinical trials, and pass through a new drug approval process, called the New Drug Application in the United States.
Discovering drugs that may be a commercial success, or a public health success, involves a complex interaction between investors, industry, academia, patent laws, regulatory exclusivity, marketing, and the need to balance secrecy with communication.[9] Meanwhile, for disorders whose rarity means that no large commercial success or public health effect can be expected, the orphan drug funding process ensures that people who experience those disorders can have some hope of pharmacotherapeutic advances.
The idea that the effect of a drug in the human body is mediated by specific interactions of the drug molecule with biological macromolecules, (proteins or nucleic acids in most cases) led scientists to the conclusion that individual chemicals are required for the biological activity of the drug. This made for the beginning of the modern era in pharmacology, as pure chemicals, instead of crude extracts of medicinal plants, became the standard drugs. Examples of drug compounds isolated from crude preparations are morphine, the active agent in opium, and digoxin, a heart stimulant originating from Digitalis lanata. Organic chemistry also led to the synthesis of many of the natural products isolated from biological sources.[citation needed]
Historically, substances, whether crude extracts or purified chemicals, were screened for biological activity without knowledge of the biological target. Only after an active substance was identified was an effort made to identify the target. This approach is known as classical pharmacology, forward pharmacology,[10] or phenotypic drug discovery.[11]
Later, small molecules were synthesized to specifically target a known physiological/pathological pathway, avoiding the mass screening of banks of stored compounds. This led to great success, such as the work of Gertrude Elion and George H. Hitchings on purine metabolism,[12][13] the work of James Black[14] on beta blockers and cimetidine, and the discovery of statins by Akira Endo.[15] Another champion of the approach of developing chemical analogues of known active substances was Sir David Jack at Allen and Hanbury's, later Glaxo, who pioneered the first inhaled selective beta2-adrenergic agonist for asthma, the first inhaled steroid for asthma, ranitidine as a successor to cimetidine, and supported the development of the triptans.[16]
Gertrude Elion, working mostly with a group of fewer than 50 people on purine analogues, contributed to the discovery of the first anti-viral; the first immunosuppressant (azathioprine) that allowed human organ transplantation; the first drug to induce remission of childhood leukemia; pivotal anti-cancer treatments; an anti-malarial; an anti-bacterial; and a treatment for gout.[citation needed]
Cloning of human proteins made possible the screening of large libraries of compounds against specific targets thought to be linked to specific diseases. This approach is known as reverse pharmacology and is the most frequently used approach today.[17]
In the 2020s, qubit and quantum computing started to be used to reduce the time needed to drug discovery.[18]
A "target" is produced within the pharmaceutical industry.[8] Generally, the "target" is the naturally existing cellular or molecular structure involved in the pathology of interest where the drug-in-development is meant to act.[8] However, the distinction between a "new" and "established" target can be made without a full understanding of just what a "target" is. This distinction is typically made by pharmaceutical companies engaged in the discovery and development of therapeutics.[8] In an estimate from 2011, 435 human genome products were identified as therapeutic drug targets of FDA-approved drugs.[19]
"Established targets" are those for which there is a good scientific understanding, supported by a lengthy publication history, of both how the target functions in normal physiology and how it is involved in human pathology.[2] This does not imply that the mechanism of action of drugs that are thought to act through a particular established target is fully understood.[2] Rather, "established" relates directly to the amount of background information available on a target, in particular functional information.  In general, "new targets" are all those targets that are not "established targets" but which have been or are the subject of drug discovery efforts. The majority of targets selected for drug discovery efforts are proteins, such as G-protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs) and protein kinases.[20]
The process of finding a new drug against a chosen target for a particular disease usually involves high-throughput screening (HTS), wherein large libraries of chemicals are tested for their ability to modify the target. For example, if the target is a novel GPCR, compounds will be screened for their ability to inhibit or stimulate that receptor (see antagonist and agonist): if the target is a protein kinase, the chemicals will be tested for their ability to inhibit that kinase.[21]
Another function of HTS is to show how selective the compounds are for the chosen target, as one wants to find a molecule which will interfere with only the chosen target, but not other, related targets.[21] To this end, other screening runs will be made to see whether the "hits" against the chosen target will interfere with other related targets – this is the process of cross-screening.[21] Cross-screening is useful because the more unrelated targets a compound hits, the more likely that off-target toxicity will occur with that compound once it reaches the clinic.[21]
It is unlikely that a perfect drug candidate will emerge from these early screening runs. One of the first steps is to screen for compounds that are unlikely to be developed into drugs; for example compounds that are hits in almost every assay, classified by medicinal chemists as "pan-assay interference compounds", are removed at this stage, if they were not already removed from the chemical library.[22][23][24] It is often observed that several compounds are found to have some degree of activity, and if these compounds share common chemical features, one or more pharmacophores can then be developed. At this point, medicinal chemists will attempt to use structure–activity relationships (SAR) to improve certain features of the lead compound:
This process will require several iterative screening runs, during which, it is hoped, the properties of the new molecular entities will improve, and allow the favoured compounds to go forward to in vitro and in vivo testing for activity in the disease model of choice.
Amongst the physicochemical properties associated with drug absorption include ionization (pKa), and solubility; permeability can be determined by PAMPA and Caco-2. PAMPA is attractive as an early screen due to the low consumption of drug and the low cost compared to tests such as Caco-2, gastrointestinal tract (GIT) and Blood–brain barrier (BBB) with which there is a high correlation.[citation needed]
A range of parameters can be used to assess the quality of a compound, or a series of compounds, as proposed in the Lipinski's Rule of Five. Such parameters include calculated properties such as cLogP to estimate lipophilicity, molecular weight, polar surface area and measured properties, such as potency, in-vitro measurement of enzymatic clearance etc. Some descriptors such as ligand efficiency[25] (LE) and lipophilic efficiency[26][27] (LiPE) combine such parameters to assess druglikeness.
While HTS is a commonly used method for novel drug discovery, it is not the only method. It is often possible to start from a molecule which already has some of the desired properties. Such a molecule might be extracted from a natural product or even be a drug on the market which could be improved upon (so-called "me too" drugs). Other methods, such as virtual high throughput screening,[28] where screening is done using computer-generated models and attempting to "dock" virtual libraries to a target, are also often used.[21]
Another method for drug discovery is de novo drug design, in which a prediction is made of the sorts of chemicals that might (e.g.) fit into an active site of the target enzyme. For example, virtual screening and computer-aided drug design are often used to identify new chemical moieties that may interact with a target protein.[29][30] Molecular modelling[31] and molecular dynamics simulations can be used as a guide to improve the potency and properties of new drug leads.[32][33][34]
There is also a paradigm shift in the drug discovery community to shift away from HTS, which is expensive and may only cover limited chemical space, to the screening of smaller libraries (maximum a few thousand compounds). These include fragment-based lead discovery (FBDD)[35][36][37][38] and protein-directed dynamic combinatorial chemistry.[39][40][41][42][43] The ligands in these approaches are usually much smaller, and they bind to the target protein with weaker binding affinity than hits that are identified from HTS. Further modifications through organic synthesis into lead compounds are often required. Such modifications are often guided by protein X-ray crystallography of the protein-fragment complex.[44][45][46] The advantages of these approaches are that they allow more efficient screening and the compound library, although small, typically covers a large chemical space when compared to HTS.
Phenotypic screens have also provided new chemical starting points in drug discovery.[47][48]  A variety of models have been used including yeast, zebrafish, worms, immortalized cell lines, primary cell lines, patient-derived cell lines and whole animal models. These screens are designed to find compounds which reverse a disease phenotype such as death, protein aggregation, mutant protein expression, or cell proliferation as examples in a more holistic cell model or organism. Smaller screening sets are often used for these screens, especially when the models are expensive or time-consuming to run.[49]  In many cases, the exact mechanism of action of hits from these screens is unknown and may require extensive target deconvolution experiments to ascertain. The growth of the field of chemoproteomics has provided numerous strategies to identify drug targets in these cases.[50]
Once a lead compound series has been established with sufficient target potency and selectivity and favourable drug-like properties, one or two compounds will then be proposed for drug development. The best of these is generally called the lead compound, while the other will be designated as the "backup". These decisions are generally supported by computational modelling innovations.[51][52][53]
Traditionally, many drugs and other chemicals with biological activity have been discovered by studying chemicals that organisms create to affect the activity of other organisms for survival.[55]
Despite the rise of combinatorial chemistry as an integral part of lead discovery process, natural products still play a major role as starting material for drug discovery.[56] A 2007 report[57] found that of the 974 small molecule new chemical entities developed between 1981 and 2006, 63% were natural derived or semisynthetic derivatives of natural products. For certain therapy areas, such as antimicrobials, antineoplastics, antihypertensive and anti-inflammatory drugs, the numbers were higher.[citation needed]
Natural products may be useful as a source of novel chemical structures for modern techniques of development of antibacterial therapies.[58]
Many secondary metabolites produced by plants have potential therapeutic medicinal properties. These secondary metabolites contain, bind to, and modify the function of proteins (receptors, enzymes, etc.). Consequently, plant derived natural products have often been used as the starting point for drug discovery.[59][60][61][62][3]
Until the Renaissance, the vast majority of drugs in Western medicine were plant-derived extracts.[63] This has resulted in a pool of information about the potential of plant species as important sources of starting materials for drug discovery.[64] Botanical knowledge about different metabolites and hormones that are produced in different anatomical parts of the plant (e.g. roots, leaves, and flowers) are crucial for correctly identifying bioactive and pharmacological plant properties.[64][65] Identifying new drugs and getting them approved for market has proved to be a stringent process due to regulations set by national drug regulatory agencies.[66]
Jasmonates are important in responses to injury and intracellular signals. They induce apoptosis[67][68] and protein cascade via proteinase inhibitor,[67] have defense functions,[69] and regulate plant responses to different biotic and abiotic stresses.[69][70] Jasmonates also have the ability to directly act on mitochondrial membranes by inducing membrane depolarization via release of metabolites.[71]
Jasmonate derivatives (JAD) are also important in wound response and tissue regeneration in plant cells. They have also been identified to have anti-aging effects on human epidermal layer.[72] It is suspected that they interact with proteoglycans (PG) and glycosaminoglycan (GAG) polysaccharides, which are essential extracellular matrix (ECM) components to help remodel the ECM.[73] The discovery of JADs on skin repair has introduced newfound interest in the effects of these plant hormones in therapeutic medicinal application.[72]
Salicylic acid (SA), a phytohormone, was initially derived from willow bark and has since been identified in many species. It is an important player in plant immunity, although its role is still not fully understood by scientists.[74] They are involved in disease and immunity responses in plant and animal tissues. They have salicylic acid binding proteins (SABPs) that have shown to affect multiple animal tissues.[74] The first discovered medicinal properties of the isolated compound was involved in pain and fever management. They also play an active role in the suppression of cell proliferation.[67] They have the ability to induce death in lymphoblastic leukemia and other human cancer cells.[67] One of the most common drugs derived from salicylates is aspirin, also known as acetylsalicylic acid, with anti-inflammatory and anti-pyretic properties.[74][75]
Some drugs used in modern medicine have been discovered in animals or are based on compounds found in animals. For example, the anticoagulant drugs, hirudin and its synthetic congener, bivalirudin, are based on saliva chemistry of the leech, Hirudo medicinalis.[76] Used to treat type 2 diabetes, exenatide was developed from saliva compounds of the Gila monster, a venomous lizard.[77]
Microbes compete for living space and nutrients. To survive in these conditions, many microbes have developed abilities to prevent competing species from proliferating. Microbes are the main source of antimicrobial drugs. Streptomyces isolates have been such a valuable source of antibiotics, that they have been called medicinal molds. The classic example of an antibiotic discovered as a defense mechanism against another microbe is penicillin in bacterial cultures contaminated by Penicillium fungi in 1928.[citation needed]
Marine environments are potential sources for new bioactive agents.[78] Arabinose nucleosides discovered from marine invertebrates in 1950s, demonstrated for the first time that sugar moieties other than ribose and deoxyribose can yield bioactive nucleoside structures. It took until 2004 when the first marine-derived drug was approved.[citation needed] [dubious – discuss] For example, the cone snail toxin ziconotide, also known as Prialt treats severe neuropathic pain. Several other marine-derived agents are now in clinical trials for indications such as cancer, anti-inflammatory use and pain. One class of these agents are bryostatin-like compounds, under investigation as anti-cancer therapy.[citation needed]
As above mentioned, combinatorial chemistry was a key technology enabling the efficient generation of large screening libraries for the needs of high-throughput screening. However, now, after two decades of combinatorial chemistry, it has been pointed out that despite the increased efficiency in chemical synthesis, no increase in lead or drug candidates has been reached.[57] This has led to analysis of chemical characteristics of combinatorial chemistry products, compared to existing drugs or natural products. The chemoinformatics concept chemical diversity, depicted as distribution of compounds in the chemical space based on their physicochemical characteristics, is often used to describe the difference between the combinatorial chemistry libraries and natural products. The synthetic, combinatorial library compounds seem to cover only a limited and quite uniform chemical space, whereas existing drugs and particularly natural products, exhibit much greater chemical diversity, distributing more evenly to the chemical space.[56] The most prominent differences between natural products and compounds in combinatorial chemistry libraries is the number of chiral centers (much higher in natural compounds), structure rigidity (higher in natural compounds) and number of aromatic moieties (higher in combinatorial chemistry libraries). Other chemical differences between these two groups include the nature of heteroatoms (O and N enriched in natural products, and S and halogen atoms more often present in synthetic compounds), as well as level of non-aromatic unsaturation (higher in natural products). As both structure rigidity and chirality are well-established factors in medicinal chemistry known to enhance compounds specificity and efficacy as a drug, it has been suggested that natural products compare favourably to today's combinatorial chemistry libraries as potential lead molecules.[citation needed]
Two main approaches exist for the finding of new bioactive chemical entities from natural sources.
The first is sometimes referred to as random collection and screening of material, but the collection is far from random. Biological (often botanical) knowledge is often used to identify families that show promise.  This approach is effective because only a small part of the earth's biodiversity has ever been tested for pharmaceutical activity.  Also, organisms living in a species-rich environment need to evolve defensive and competitive mechanisms to survive.  Those mechanisms might be exploited in the development of beneficial drugs.[citation needed]
A collection of plant, animal and microbial samples from rich ecosystems can potentially give rise to novel biological activities worth exploiting in the drug development process. One example of successful use of this strategy is the screening for antitumor agents by the National Cancer Institute, which started in the 1960s. Paclitaxel was identified from Pacific yew tree Taxus brevifolia. Paclitaxel showed anti-tumour activity by a previously undescribed mechanism (stabilization of microtubules) and is now approved for clinical use for the treatment of lung, breast, and ovarian cancer, as well as for Kaposi's sarcoma. Early in the 21st century, Cabazitaxel (made by Sanofi, a French firm), another relative of taxol has been shown effective against prostate cancer, also because it works by preventing the formation of microtubules, which pull the chromosomes apart in dividing cells (such as cancer cells). Other examples are:  1. Camptotheca (Camptothecin · Topotecan · Irinotecan · Rubitecan · Belotecan); 2. Podophyllum (Etoposide · Teniposide); 3a. Anthracyclines (Aclarubicin · Daunorubicin · Doxorubicin · Epirubicin · Idarubicin · Amrubicin · Pirarubicin · Valrubicin · Zorubicin); 3b. Anthracenediones (Mitoxantrone · Pixantrone).
The second main approach involves ethnobotany, the study of the general use of plants in society, and ethnopharmacology, an area inside ethnobotany, which is focused specifically on medicinal uses.
Artemisinin, an antimalarial agent from sweet wormtree Artemisia annua, used in Chinese medicine since 200BC is one drug used as part of combination therapy for multiresistant Plasmodium falciparum.
Additionally, since machine learning has become more advanced, virtual screening is now an option for drug developers. AI algorithms are being used to perform virtual screening of chemical compounds, which involves predicting the activity of a compound against a specific target. By using machine learning algorithms to analyse large amounts of chemical data, researchers can identify potential new drug candidates that are more likely to be effective against a specific disease. Algorithms, such as Nearest-Neighbour classifiers, RF, extreme learning machines, SVMs, and deep neural networks (DNNs), are used for VS based on synthesis feasibility and can also predict in vivo activity and toxicity.[79]
The elucidation of the chemical structure is critical to avoid the re-discovery of a chemical agent that is already known for its structure and chemical activity. Mass spectrometry is a method in which individual compounds are identified based on their mass/charge ratio, after ionization. Chemical compounds exist in nature as mixtures, so the combination of liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry (LC-MS) is often used to separate the individual chemicals. Databases of mass spectra for known compounds are available and can be used to assign a structure to an unknown mass spectrum. Nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy is the primary technique for determining chemical structures of natural products. NMR yields information about individual hydrogen and carbon atoms in the structure, allowing detailed reconstruction of the molecule's architecture.
When a drug is developed with evidence throughout its history of research to show it is safe and effective for the intended use in the United States, the company can file an application – the New Drug Application (NDA) – to have the drug commercialized and available for clinical application.[80] NDA status enables the FDA to examine all submitted data on the drug to reach a decision on whether to approve or not approve the drug candidate based on its safety, specificity of effect, and efficacy of doses.[80]Shana Beth Halligan[1] (born October 11, 1973)[2] is a singer, songwriter, and composer based in Los Angeles, California, best known for her work as the former vocalist for the trip-hop act Bitter:Sweet. She is the daughter of Dick Halligan, a founding member of the American rock band Blood, Sweat & Tears.[3]  In 2018, she appeared as a contestant in season 14 of the American series The Voice.
Halligan joined the band Bitter:Sweet in 2006 after answering an ad listed on Craigslist for a singer posted by Rick Torres and Kiran Shahani, who had previously founded the Supreme Beings of Leisure.[4] Their 11-track debut album The Mating Game was released April 4, 2006, under Quango Music Group. The band proceeded to release three more albums and six singles/EPs before breaking up before the official release of "The Break Up," on December 28, 2010.[5]
After the official end of Bitter:Sweet, Halligan moved to Europe to explore her solo career, resulting in music collaborations with French musical collective Nouvelle Vague and UK producer Alex Cowan.[6] During this time, she is also featured on Serj Tankian's September 2010 release Imperfect Harmonies.
On November 29, 2011, Halligan released her debut solo EP, Paper Butterfly under Lady Swank Music, a label imprint founded by Thievery Corporation co-founder Rob Garza.[7] This was followed in September 2012 by her first full-length solo album, Richmond Parade.[8]
In January 2014, Halligan collaborated with Thievery Corporation to write and record, "Depth of My Soul," a single from the band's album Saudade.[9] She later performed the song live with the band at JBL Live at Pier 97 in New York on August 15, 2015.[10]
Halligan's second solo album, Back To Me, was released on October 15, 2015, under Plug Research Records.[11] and supported by the KCRW with Halligan performing the album live on Morning Becomes Eclectic (Live at KCRW) on January 25, 2016.[12]
On April 5, 2016, Halligan was named the official spokeswoman for the Children's Music Fund, a Los Angeles-based non-profit devoted to providing music therapy for sick children.[13]
In 2018, Halligan appeared as a contestant on the U.S. singing competition reality series The Voice broadcast by NBC.[14] She auditioned with the song "Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down)". The episode was broadcast on March 12, 2018. Only one judge, Alicia Keys turned her chair and she became part of Team Alicia by default. On March 19, 2018, she was confronted in the Battles Round with teammate Christiana Danielle, both singing "Use Somebody". Alicia Keys opted for Danielle, and Halligan was eliminated from the competition.[15]
Download coordinates as:
This is a list of cities in the Bahamas.
The following table lists the city or town name, the geographic coordinates, the population at the 1990 census, an estimate of the population in 2009, and the island name.
Media related to Cities in the Bahamas at Wikimedia Commons
The Bridges Act 1702 (1 Ann. c. 12) was an act of the Parliament of England.
Section 2 ceased to have effect by virtue of section 311 of, and schedule 23 to, the Highways Act 1959 (7 & 8 Eliz. 2. c. 25).
The whole act was repealed by section 312(2) of, and schedule 25 to, the Highways Act 1959, subject to section 42(1) of that act.
The repeal effected by section 312(2) of the Highways Act 1959 was extended to the whole of Greater London by section 16(2) of, and paragraph 70 of schedule 6 to, the London Government Act 1963.

This legislation in England article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Naked City: The Complete Studio Recordings is a five disc box set that contains all of the studio albums released by Naked City during their five-year history.
The five discs are accompanied by a book, Eight Million Stories: Naked City Ephemera, which contains a wealth of photos and art as well as testimonials from all five band members and numerous acquaintances, friends, fans and contributors such as Mike Patton, Yamatsuka Eye, Sean Lennon, Mick Harris and Eyvind Kang.
The Allmusic listing awarded the compilation 4 stars.[1] Writing for Pitchfork Media, Chris Dalen stated "Naked City will always be Zorn's "coolest" project, the best vehicle for his early ideas, and one of the most intriguing ensembles its members ever joined. And now, Zorn can inter it in a single box and once again set it aside."[3] All About Jazz correspondent, Mark Corroto, labelled it "Probably as dangerous a music as has ever been produced."[2]
All tracks by John Zorn, except where noted.
Cadena is a technology and services company founded in 2017 in Kuwait City, Kuwait. The company was established by Sid Dhamija and Dr. Yusuf Al Hasan. Initially a spinoff of As-Shuraa Financial, Cadena operates under the legal name Cadena Solutions LLC.
Cadena was founded in 2017 in Kuwait by Sid Dhamija, who serves as the company's CEO, with support from Dr. Yusuf Al Hasan, Chairman of As-Shuraa Financial.[1] By the end of 2017, Cadena expanded its operations with the establishment of Cadena Qatar W.L.L. as a representative office in Qatar. Cadena's initial seed investment of US$2.4 million was provided by Sid Dhamija and Dr. Yusuf Al Hasan.[2][3]
In 2018, Cadena continued its expansion into the UAE, where it registered Cadena FZCO. The company established its headquarters in Dubai and expanded its presence in Abu Dhabi. Additionally, Cadena MENA was registered in Saudi Arabia.[4]
Between 2019 and 2020, Cadena extended its operations to the US and Mexico. In Saudi Arabia, Cadena MENA expanded its local team, with Basheer Mohammed leading the divisions in the West, Central, and East regions.[5]
From 2020 to 2022, Cadena launched the Cadena GCC Discovery Portal. Through machine learning, the portal identifies key accounts and prospects across the GCC. The company also established data processing centers in the LATAM region and expanded its operations to Asia, establishing Cadena Asia with operational bases in Malaysia, Singapore, and Indonesia.[6]
In September 2022, the company secured US$18 million from the Kuwait Investment Authority and China Equity.[7]
In 2023, Cadena was awarded "Best Service Provider 2023" at CSSCOPE 2023 in Hangzhou, China. The same year, Cadena opened a representative office in Spain and launched CadenaPay, a service focused on timely payments for providers, in Mexico City.[8][9]
In November 2023, ADCN & Partners invested US$43 million in the company.[10]
Cadena is focused on services, including Go-To-Market services, prospecting teams across the Gulf Region, USA, and APAC, sales and account management, overseas invoicing, invoice factoring through CadenaPay, overseas late payments recovery, and software customer support. The company's product lineup includes the Cadena Discovery Portal, Cadena Account Manager, BuyBeacon AI, IntelliConnect AI, and CadenaPay.[11][12]
Cadena operates 14 offices globally with a total of 350 employees. Its offices are located in the UAE, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Kuwait, Oman, Bahrain, USA, Mexico, Spain, Colombia, Brazil, Singapore, Indonesia, and Malaysia.
Its key markets include Germany, the US, Luxembourg, India, Singapore, and China. Clients include PwC, Nagarro, SAP, Moglix, PeopleStrong, Econocom, Cirtuo, and COSCO Shipping.[13]
Many, see text
Desmodium is a genus of plants in the legume family Fabaceae, sometimes called tick-trefoil, tick clover, hitch hikers or beggar lice.[2] There are dozens of species and the delimitation of the genus has shifted much over time. Species are distributed widely – from Quebec to northern Argentina in the Americas, across northern and southern tropical Africa, in the southern Arabian Peninsula, in Myanmar and Thailand, New Guinea, and northern and eastern Australia.[1]
These are mostly inconspicuous plants; few have bright or large flowers. Though some can become sizeable plants, most are herbs or small shrubs. Their fruit are loments, meaning each seed is dispersed individually enclosed in its segment. This makes them tenacious plants and some species are considered weeds in places.
Several Desmodium species release organic compounds, aerially and into the soil, which make them useful for agriculture:
Allelopathic compounds are used there via push-pull technology. For this Desmodium heterocarpon, Desmodium intortum, and Desmodium uncinatum are inter-cropped in maize and sorghum fields to suppress witchweeds, including Asiatic witchweed (Striga asiatica) and purple witchweed (S. hermonthica) and to repel Chilo partellus, a stem-boring grass moth.[3] Insects (including pests) are likewise repelled by  high amounts of antixenotic allomones produced by Desmodium.
A blue dye is obtained from Desmodium incanum.
Tick-trefoils in agriculture can also be used as living mulch and as green manure, as they improve soil fertility via nitrogen fixation.
Most also make good fodder for animals including bobwhite, turkey, grouse, deer, cattle and goats.[3][4][5]
Wild-living, non-farmed deer appear to rely on Desmodium species in certain areas, particularly during the more stressful summer months.
The caterpillars of the lesser grass blue (Zizina otis) and the two-barred flasher (Astraptes fulgerator) feed on tick-trefoils.
Some Desmodium species have formerly been known to contain high amounts of tryptamine alkaloids, but many of the tryptamine-containing species have since been transferred to other genera.[3]
The taxonomy and systematics of the many dozens of Desmodium species are confusing and unresolved. Related genera such as Codariocalyx, Hylodesmum, Lespedeza, Ohwia, and Phyllodium were and sometimes still are included in Desmodium.[6]
Taxonomic authorities commonly disagree about the naming and placement of species. For example, Desmodium spirale as described by August Grisebach might refer to a distinct species, but its validity is doubtful. The "Desmodium spirale" of other authorities may refer to D. neomexicanum, D. ospriostreblum, or D. procumbens. Similarly, the plant originally described as D. podocarpum by A. P. de Candolle is Hylodesmum podocarpum today, but "Desmodium podocarpum" might also refer to D. hookerianum or Hylodesmum laxum, depending on the taxonomic authority.[6]
Species include:[1][6][7]
The 2021–22 Belmont Bruins men's basketball team represented Belmont University in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Bruins, led by third-year head coach Casey Alexander, played their home games at the Curb Event Center in Nashville, Tennessee as members of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC). They finished the season 25–8, 15–3 in OVC play, to finish in second place. They lost in the semifinals of the OVC tournament to Morehead State.[1] They received an invite to the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) where they lost to Vanderbilt in the first round.[2]
On September 18, 2021, Belmont announced that this would be the last season for the team in the OVC as they would join the Missouri Valley Conference on July 1, 2022.[3]
In a season limited due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, the Bruins finished the 2020–21 season 26–4, 18–2 in OVC play, to win the regular-season championship. They defeated SIU–Edwardsville[4] and Jacksonville State[5] before losing to Morehead State in the OVC tournament championship game.[6] Because of a limited National Invitation Tournament due to COVID-19, the Bruins did not receive an automatic bid to the NIT for being regular-season champions.[7] They failed to receive an at-large bid to the NIT.
Roster Last update: January 10, 2025
Source:[8]The Chechen State Pedagogical Institute is a university in Grozny, Chechnya, Russia.
Today, the Chechen State Pedagogical Institute is the leading school in the sphere of higher vocational training in Chechnya. The campus is located at 33 Kiev Street, Grozny, Chechen Republic.[1] Special attention is given to personnel maintenance of educational process and improvements of the material base. The Chechen State Pedagogical Institute offers two modes of study: on-campus and correspondences. There are currently 2,984 students enrolled on campus and 2,583 of them are trained by correspondence.
On November 28, 1980, the decision of the Ministerial council of Grozny was to open the higher educational institute, which was named the Chechen State Teacher Training College. The candidate of pedagogical sciences, Professor Umarov Muhari Umarovich, became the first rector of state teacher's college. Beginning in 1994, the republic war caused destructive losses to the institute. The Teacher's college revival, whose educational cases have been thoroughly destroyed, has begun in a dilapidated building of the former kindergarten.
In 2006, on the Day of Institute (November, 28th) the central case on avenue Orzhonikidze, 62, on which it began its activity, the youngest high school in the republic has become operational.
43°19′39″N 45°42′34″E﻿ / ﻿43.32750°N 45.70944°E﻿ / 43.32750; 45.70944
Rhinella loba[1] is an extinct true toad that inhabited the South American Pampas during the late Pliocene (ca. 3.5 million years ago). It is closely related to the present day Argentine toad Rhinella arenarum and represents to date the only diagnosable extinct true toad species from South America.
Rhinella loba takes its name from the locality of Punta Lobería from which it comes,[1] one of several fossil-yielding localities in the coastal cliffs along the southern shoreline of Buenos Aires Province, Argentina. The type material come from upper stratigraphic levels of the Chapadmalal Formation (late Pliocene).
Rhinella loba is a large true toad with a very broad skull roof. Their thick roofing bones are heavily ornamented with tubercles and projected onto the orbits through poorly inclined crests.[1] These features jointly occur only in the Argentine toad among the species of the Rhinella marina group,[2] but this living toad has a distinctly narrower skull roof. In life it would have looked like a large Argentine toad but with a broader head as that of the cururu toad.Development West Coast (DWC) is a charitable trust that operates in the West Coast region of New Zealand. DWC is the economic development agency and regional tourism organisation for the region.
Development West Coast has its origins in the controversy over logging native trees by Timberlands West Coast Limited, a former state-owned enterprise based on the West Coast. In the late 1990s, Timberlands' actions were supported by then-prime minister Jenny Shipley and opposed by environmental groups, led by Native Forest Action. The controversy became an election issue in the 1999 general election, with the Labour Party committing itself to stop logging. Investigative journalist Nicky Hager published a book, Secrets and Lies, just prior to the election, alleging that Timberlands had hired a public relations firm, Shandwick (now Weber Shandwick), to run a smear campaign against Native Forest Action.[1]
Labour won the 1999 election and stopped logging on the West Coast. The forests were transferred to the Department of Conservation and in recognition this and the privatisation of much West Coast infrastructure in the late 1990s the region was compensated with an endowment fund of NZ$92 million. Development West Coast was set up in 2001 as a trust to administer this fund.[2][3]
In the 2015–2016 financial year, Development West Coast approved 20 loans worth a total of $14.4 million; in 2016–2017 it loaned $12.3 million to 18 businesses. It returned a profit of $5.3 million, after running a deficit in 2015. It had 11.5 staff positions and the Chief Executive was Chris Mackenzie, on a salary of $223,000.[4]
In 2021, in its 20th year, DWC's fund had grown from $92 million to $146 million. In 2019 it approved 80% of loan applications received, distributing $2.2 million, and gave $1.9 million to community projects.[5] In the year ending March 2021, it issued $6.7 million in loans, distributed $3.5 million to the community, and made a $14.2 million net profit.[6] It had 20 full-time staff under Chief Executive Heath Milne.[6]
In the 20 years to 2021, DWC has invested $93.8 million into the region through commercial distributions and another $70.8 million through community distributions and projects.[6][7]
In 2010, DWC contributed $3.25 million towards the development of the West Coast Wilderness Trail, and also invested $1.25 million in the creation of the 85 km Old Ghost Road, New Zealand's longest back country cycle trail.[8]
In 2015, DWC added a $5 million Business and Industry Stimulus Fund to provide loans to new or struggling West Coast businesses.[2] One outcome of this was the establishment of EPIC Westport, a Westport technology centre and business incubator able to house 25 full-time workers and a dozen "hot-desk" users. EPIC Westport was a spin-off of the Enterprise Precinct Innovation Centre in Christchurch.[9]
In 2016 Fox Glacier received $1 million for a new community centre and the RSA in Hokitika $400,000 for a new hall.[4]
DWC has financially supported the revival of Reefton, funding the Reefton Shop Front Project to restore its Victorian-era streetscape, and contributing to the Reefton Powerhouse Trust, which aims to restore the original 1888 powerhouse on the Inangahua River that gave Reefton the first electric streetlighting in the southern hemisphere.[10][11]
DWC is a shareholder in Te Ara Pounamu Ltd, which will spend $17.87 million developing new visitor centres in Westport, Greymouth, Hokitika, and Haast.[12]
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic in New Zealand and the loss of tourism revenue, DWC pledged $5 million to support businesses in Fox Glacier and Franz Josef. They approached Tourism Minister Stuart Nash for an additional $35 million in support, but Nash suggested DWC release 10 per cent of its fund instead, suggesting the "rainy day" it was set up for had arrived.[5] DWC supported the creation of Now Open, an online directory of 180 local businesses that were operating under Level 3 restriction, and funded rebates for businesses switching to online delivery.[13][14]
Development West Coast Tertiary Scholarships were launched in 2022. Four scholarships are offered annually to first time tertiary students as a means to provide a pathway for West Coast students to attain tertiary qualifications and return to the West Coast to undertake their career. The scholarships are valued up to $32,500 per student.[15]
In October 2022, DWC launched a global recruitment campaign called 'Cut out for the Coast'.[16][17][18] The campaign was a collaboration between DWC, Te Whatu Ora – Te Tai o Poutini West Coast and the local business community aimed at attracting workers who are ‘Cut out for the Coast. The campaign initially targeted health workers and later expanded to recruitment in other sectors.[19][20]
DWC invested $3 million into Westland Mineral Sands (WMS) in November 2023. WMS is a minerals, ports and logistics company, which extracts heavy mineral sands including ilmenite, garnet and rare earth elements for the global market, from a site at Cape Foulwind, near Westport.[21][22]
In 2012, DWC won the 'Not for Profit' category at the AUT Excellence in Business Support Awards.[23]
DWC won a Gold Award for 'Best use of Media Relations' at the 2022 Public Relations New Zealand (PRINZ) Awards. The award was for DWC's media outreach around the Ōkārito GorseBusters initiative.[24][25] DWC was also runner up in the 'In-house PR Team of the Year' category.[24] [25]
DWC's media outreach around the 'Cut out for the Coast'[26] campaign won a Silver Award for 'Best use of Media Relations' at the 2023 PRINZ Awards. DWC also received a Silver Award for 2023 'In-house PR Team of the Year'.[27]
At the 2023 Economic Development New Zealand (EDNZ) Awards, DWC won the award for 'Best Practice in Collaboration' for the Upskill West Coast employment and training scheme.[28][29]
DWC won a Gold Award for 'Most Innovative Campaign' for the 'West Coast Wikipedian at Large Project' at the 2024 PRINZ Awards. DWC also secured Silver Awards in four other categories: 'Best Use of Media Relations', ‘'Best Use of Digital and Social Media', 'Community Relations & Engagement', and ‘Best In-house PR Team’.[30][31]
At the 2024 EDNZ Awards, DWC won the award for 'Best Practice for Sector and Cluster Development Award' for Te Tai Poutini Nature Economy Project.[32]
Great Mission Public School is a group of co-educational schools run by Prabhas Educational and Welfare Society in New Delhi, India.[1]
There are two branches of the school at New Delhi. [2]
The school located at Dwarka, New Delhi, is formally known as Neo Great Mission Public School. [3]
The first branch of the school was founded in 1993 at Uttam Nagar, New Delhi. Subsequently, in 2003, Dwarka branch of the school was established. [4]
Foreign languages like German, French, and Indian languages like Sanskrit are on the academic curriculum of the school.
"Sa Vidya Ya Vimuktaye" which translated from Sanskrit means "Knowledge is that which liberates" is the motto of the school.[5]
The school is a member of the Eco Club of Govt. of Delhi.[6] Principal of the school, Ms. Radha Ghai has been awarded the Dr. S. Radhakrishnan National Teacher's Award in 2009.
Dabèga is a village in the Zorgho Department of Ganzourgou Province in central Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 501.[1]

This Ganzourgou Province location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mark Allan Hoppus[a] (born March 15, 1972) is an American musician and record producer. He is the co-lead vocalist, co-founder, and bassist for the rock band Blink-182 and the only member to appear on every album.
Hoppus became interested in skateboarding and punk rock in junior high, and received a bass guitar from his father at the age of 15. After he moved to San Diego in 1992 to attend California State University San Marcos, his sister introduced him to Tom DeLonge, and they formed the band Blink-182 with drummer Scott Raynor. The band produced several rock recordings and toured exhaustively before signing to major label MCA to co-distribute their sophomore effort, 1997's Dude Ranch, which featured the Hoppus-penned hit "Dammit".
After replacing Raynor with Travis Barker, Blink-182 recorded Enema of the State (1999), which launched them to multi-platinum success. Two more records followed—the heavier Take Off Your Pants and Jacket (2001) and the more experimental untitled fifth album (2003)—before the band split in 2005 following internal tension. Hoppus continued playing with Barker in +44 in the late 2000s. Blink-182 subsequently reunited in 2009 and continue to record and tour worldwide.
Aside from his musical career, Hoppus has had multiple successes behind the recording console, producing records for groups such as Idiot Pilot, New Found Glory, The Matches, Motion City Soundtrack, and PAWS. He has previously co-owned two companies, Atticus and Macbeth Footwear, and created a new clothing line in 2012 named Hi My Name is Mark. Hoppus hosted a weekly podcast in 2005 through 2006, which returned in 2015, and he hosted his own television talk show, Hoppus on Music, from 2010 to 2012 on Fuse. He also was part of the pop rock duo Simple Creatures from 2019 until 2020.
Mark Allan Hoppus[a] was born on March 15, 1972, in Ridgecrest, California.[1][2][4] He was raised near Washington, D.C., before his family settled in Ridgecrest, a place he later described as "geniuses, scientists, physicists, and then just complete strung-out meth-heads".[5][6] His maternal great-grandparents, Aaron and Lempi Orrenmaa, were Finnish immigrants from Laihia.[7] His father Tex, like many in Ridgecrest, worked for the U.S. Department of Defense, designing missiles and bombs for the town's Navy testing center.[5][6]
Hoppus describes himself as "pretty mellow" until his parents divorced when he was eight, which had a "drastic, unsettling effect" on him.[6] He said, "When my parents argued, it was always behind closed doors. I remember sitting outside my parents' room when I was seven years old, hearing the dulled voice of anger behind the door. It upset me a lot." Following these events, he spent two years shuffling between his parents' homes with sister Anne, until he and his father moved to Monterey.[6] His father was often away earning a postgraduate degree in college. He later would describe his childhood as lonely, remarking, "[I] was living by myself in the fifth grade."[5] His father introduced him to the music of The Beatles, Elton John and Billy Joel.[8]
Hoppus describes himself as "pretty straight" until junior high, when he began skateboarding and listening to punk rock.[9] In his early high school years, he lived in Fairfax, Virginia, attending nearby Annandale High School during his second year; he received his first bass guitar during this time and attended his first concert, They Might Be Giants, at the 9:30 Club shortly before his 16th birthday.[10] He recalled, "I didn't know where I should stand or what I should do, so my friends and I bought some menthol cigarettes and smoked for the first time and tried to look as cool as we could. We probably looked like idiots."[11] He received his first bass (a Mako) as a gift from his father, purchased at a local music shop in Annandale.[12] He earned money for a set of amplifiers by helping him paint his house.[6][13] Hoppus never took bass lessons, instead teaching himself by playing to bands such as the Descendents, The Cure, and Bad Religion.[13] He has remarked that "Silly Girl" by the Descendents was the "song that made [him] fall in love with punk rock music [...] that song changed [his] life forever".[14] He borrowed a cassette tape of The Cure's album Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me from his friend Wendy Franklin the summer following junior high school, and was taken with the song "Just Like Heaven".[11][15]
I was a straight A student my whole life and then I started wearing eyeliner to school, skipping classes, and smoking cigarettes ... I was a mess, just a really glorious mess.
Hoppus began to dress like Cure frontman Robert Smith, donning eyeliner and "occasionally bright red lipstick" to his high school classes; he later quipped, "This all went over exceedingly well with the faculty and staff in the small desert town where I grew up."[15][16][17] Beginning in his first year, he gained solace through music of both The Cure and The Smiths.[5][16] He played by himself and sang in the band Pier 69, primarily covering songs by The Cure, and recorded a live demo with a group named The Attic Children in 1988, featuring covers of The Cure songs. Hoppus returned to Ridgecrest in 1989, completing high school at Burroughs High School. In his teen years, a friend stole his mother's car in the middle of the night to pick him up; the two would sneak out to the desert and burn trees and any objects they could find.[16]
After graduating from Burroughs High School in 1990, he began playing in a band called of All Things he formed with two friends, covering songs by Descendents, Social Distortion, and Bad Religion, as well as writing original punk numbers.[16] The group primarily performed at friend's parties and bonfires, and once played Oasis, the local music venue.[18] Hoppus left Ridgecrest in summer 1992 to attend college and get a job at a local music store in San Diego. He continued playing gigs with of All Things, returning on weekends. Eventually, his manager became suspicious of his weekend activities, as Hoppus had told him he worked with mentally disabled children in Ridgecrest, and refused to give him any time off on weekends.[17] His "short-lived attempt" at college, studying at California State University, San Marcos, revolved around plans to become an English teacher.[19][20] He recalls he "hated" college and his reasoning behind becoming a teacher involved sights set for educational reform. He dropped out in the early 1990s after "things began to take off with Blink-182" and lived with his mother for many of the early years of the band.[20] Hoppus describes his mother as always supportive in his decisions to drop out of college and tour with Blink-182; however, he describes his father as "more realistic, [...] he said, 'Have something to fall back on.'"[9] "I'm really fortunate that my mom always completely supported me, even to the point that I dropped out of college and lived at her house for five years before our band started to catch on," said Hoppus.[9]
After moving to San Diego in the summer of 1992, Hoppus was reunited with his sister Anne Hoppus, to whom he expressed his desire to be in a band.[5] Anne attended Rancho Bernardo High School, and had become friends with new student Tom DeLonge over the summer.[17] In August 1992, Anne introduced the two, and Hoppus and DeLonge immediately began performing music in DeLonge's garage.[5] To impress DeLonge, Hoppus climbed to the top of a streetlight outside of DeLonge's home – however, he broke both ankles on the way down, resulting in being on crutches for the next few weeks.[18] DeLonge recalled the meeting in 2000: "When I first met Mark, we were running around naked, doing weird stuff. We were up skateboarding until late hours of the morning, antagonizing security guards, and we were just always having fun."[21] DeLonge recruited old friend Scott Raynor from his days at Poway to become the drummer for the new band, named blink.[22]
Hoppus and his girlfriend at this time lived in a basement apartment, barely scraping together funds to pay rent. With money in savings, Hoppus went out and bought his first professional equipment: a new amp and bass cabinet. He came home and his girlfriend proceeded to argue with him, angry that he spent money on something they did not need. "I just kept telling her that this was what mattered to me, this was my life," Hoppus recalled. She demanded he make a choice between the band and her, which resulted in Hoppus leaving the band shortly after formation.[23] Shortly thereafter, DeLonge told Hoppus he had borrowed a four track recorder from a friend and was preparing to record a demo tape, which prompted Hoppus to break up with his girlfriend and return to the band. Flyswatter—a combination of original songs and punk covers—was recorded in Raynor's bedroom and landed the band their first shows.[24] Three more demos were recorded over the course of 1993 and the band began performing its irreverent live show at local all-ages venue SOMA, which alerted local independent label Cargo Music.[25] Cargo signed the band on a trial basis, and Hoppus was the only member to sign the contract, as DeLonge was at work at the time and Raynor was still a minor.[26] During this time, Hoppus lived at home in San Diego at his mother's, where the band would prepare cassette demos and the entire family would fold cassette inserts. Raynor, whose parents moved to Reno, Nevada, stayed with Hoppus in summer 1994.[27]
Blink's first album, Cheshire Cat (1995), was a strong seller for the independent band and would come to be regarded as iconic within the skate punk scene.[28] In 1995, the band signed on for their first national tour, which extended as far as the East Coast. The band purchased their own tour van and embarked on the GoodTimes tour with Unwritten Law, Sprung Monkey and 7 Seconds.[29] The band slowly built a young, devoted following with indie recordings and an endless series of performances and various clubs and festivals.[1] MCA Records signed the band in 1996 and would co-distribute their next release, the sophomore effort Dude Ranch. Hoppus penned the record's lead single, "Dammit", which became a nationwide rock radio hit single as the band toured on the Vans Warped Tour.[30][31]
Hoppus grew increasingly lonely on these tours, having no significant other while other band members did.[5] The exhaustive schedule created tensions within the band, who would fire Raynor in the summer of 1998 in mysterious circumstances never fully explained.[32] With new drummer Travis Barker behind the kit, the trio hit the studio with producer Jerry Finn and recorded Enema of the State, which launched the band's career, catapulting them into the "stratosphere of pop music" and solidifying them as the biggest pop punk act of the era.[28][33] Three singles were released from the record—"What's My Age Again?", "All the Small Things", and "Adam's Song"—that crossed over into Top 40 radio format and experienced major commercial success.[34] Hoppus got married in 2000 (see Personal life) just before the band prepared to record their highly anticipated follow-up, Take Off Your Pants and Jacket (2001). Hoppus felt complacent creatively but DeLonge felt otherwise, creating post-hardcore side project Box Car Racer to experiment with ideas he deemed unsuitable for blink.[35]
Hoppus felt betrayed (Barker was also in Box Car Racer) and a rift developed between Hoppus and DeLonge that would carry on into the band's future.[36] When the band regrouped to record their next record in 2003, all of the members had become fathers (or, in the case of Barker, becoming one) and the trio took a darker, more "mature" direction with their untitled fifth studio album,[37][38] infusing experimentalist elements into their usual pop punk sound partially inspired by Box Car Racer.[39] Unresolved feelings from that project would arise in late 2004 when the band began to argue regarding their future and recording process.[36] The February 2005 breakup of blink-182 affected Hoppus greatly: "I had no idea what to do. After blink broke up I had such a loss of identity and purpose. I just had a giant sense of void."[40] Hoppus then began to work on even darker, electronic demos with Barker in his kitchen.[41][42] He also turned to producing, hitting the studio with Motion City Soundtrack to record Commit This to Memory (2005).[43] In October 2005, Hoppus and Barker purchased a studio together (named Opra Music), where they would bring together a full band to expand upon those electronic demos, creating +44's When Your Heart Stops Beating (2006).[44]
The record, by all accounts, sold poorly and received mixed reviews in the music press.[45] Hoppus and Barker continued touring on the Honda Civic Tour and commenced work on a second +44 album. The August 2008 death of friend and producer Jerry Finn deeply affected Hoppus, who referred to Finn as a lifelong friend and mentor.[46] The following month, Barker and collaborator Adam Goldstein (aka DJ AM), were involved in a plane crash that killed four people, leaving Barker and Goldstein the only survivors.[47] Hoppus immediately boarded a plane to the burn unit, and DeLonge reconnected with the duo under the tragic circumstances.[48] When the band regrouped in the studio for a day, past acrimony vanished with near immediacy.[49] Regarding these experiences, Hoppus wrote, "The events of the past two months supersede everything that happened before. Life is too short."[50] In February 2009, the band's official website was updated with a statement: "To put it simply, We're back. We mean, really back. Picking up where we left off and then some. In the studio writing and recording a new album. Preparing to tour the world yet again. Friendships reformed. 17 years deep in our legacy."[51]
The band reconnected musically and emotionally on the reunion tour, but were still "on eggshells" throughout the recording of their comeback album.[52] The recording's delay was due to the way the band chose to work – in bits and pieces, alone and together, in a pair of California studios – in addition to each member's busy schedules.[53] The band struggled to record juggling individual priorities; in the case of Hoppus, his new television show Hoppus on Music required him flying to New York once a week.[54] Hoppus moved to London with his family late in the recording process, also complicating matters.[54] The band's comeback album, Neighborhoods (2011), debuted high but undersold label expectations, and Blink-182 parted with Interscope Records in 2012, going independent for their next release, the EP Dogs Eating Dogs.[52]
The band toured Australia in February 2013 without Barker, who did not attend due to his fear of flying (Brooks Wackerman of Bad Religion filled in for him).[55][56] The band toured the United States in September 2013, where they planned to begin writing songs for their seventh studio album. "We're hoping to head into the studio next year [and to have the] album out in late spring/early summer," Hoppus told Kerrang!.[57] In the interim, Hoppus began recording songs with frequent engineer and producer Chris Holmes that the duo plan to release by the end of the year. "We probably have seven or eight songs in various stages of completion," Hoppus remarked in August 2013.[57] "I still haven't chosen a name [for the project] yet; we still have to figure that out. It's like guitar mixed with electronics…. at this point." Hoppus will share lead vocals with Holmes on the tracks.[57] On April 25, 2014, Hoppus announced, via Twitter, the name of the band as Nothing and Nobody. Their first album is expected to be released in the "not-too-distant future".[58]
In 2015, blink-182 played three shows in California. With the departure of Tom DeLonge from the band, Matt Skiba of Alkaline Trio, filled in. It was the first time Hoppus performed under the name "blink-182" without DeLonge by his side. The shows were on March 18, March 20, and March 22.[59] Hoppus later hired Skiba full-time, and blink-182 recorded two albums with him, 2016's California and 2019's Nine before DeLonge returned to the band in 2022.[60]
Hoppus has also performed DJ sets at Emo Nite in Los Angeles on several occasions from 2015 to 2017.[61]
In non-musical endeavors, Hoppus launched his own clothing line, Hi My Name is Mark (stylized as "HiMyNameIsMark"), in July 2013.[57]
On January 24, 2019, Hoppus announced he was forming a new group with Alex Gaskarth of All Time Low called Simple Creatures. A debut song called "Drug" was released in January,[62] followed by their first EP, Strange Love, on March 29, 2019.[63] Their second EP, Everything Opposite, was released on October 11, 2019.[64] Since 2020 the project has been on hiatus.
Hoppus primarily writes most of his songs on an acoustic guitar.[65] He is self-taught, "and consequently I don't have the best technique", he remarked in 2004. "I think you would learn how to paint by painting, rather than reading books about painters or painting and I think it's the same with music. You learn by doing and getting influences from other artists."[13]
For Blink-182's earliest concerts and demo recordings, Hoppus used a standard Fender Precision Bass. On the albums Cheshire Cat and Dude Ranch and their respective tours, he switched to using a Music Man StingRay as his primary bass. While recording Enema of the State, Hoppus used his StingRay as well as a Fender Precision and Jazz Bass.[65] In a 2021 livestream on Twitch, he revealed he stopped using the StingRay as he thought they sounded too "clanky".[66]
After primarily recording with the two Fender basses, Hoppus worked with Fender to design a signature model, which consisted of a Jazz Bass body with a Precision Bass neck and pickup. This model debuted in 2000.[65] In 2006, Fender manufactured an updated variant of Hoppus' signature Jazz Bass with the pickup, a Seymour Duncan Quarter Pound (SPB-3), reversed from its standard position, giving it a fuller sound.[67]
In 2015, Hoppus switched to Fender Jaguar Basses with the same configuration as his 2006 model. However, he still occasionally uses his original signature Jazz Basses;[68] he notably used them extensively alongside his Jaguar Basses on the band's 2023 reunion tour, and the One More Time... album and tour.[69][70]
In 2022, Hoppus teamed up with Fender to release a signature Jaguar Bass sold exclusively through his website Hi My Name Is Mark. To date, it has been released in his signature hot pink color[71] as well as Daphne Blue,[72] with each color being released in limited runs based on customer demand. In 2024, Fender officially released a limited edition signature Jaguar Bass in sunburst and Sea Foam Green colors.[73]
Hoppus has been a longtime user of Ernie Ball strings and his instruments are strung with Super Slinky Bass strings (.45-.100).[74]
For live sound, Hoppus originally plugged his basses into three Ampeg SVT Classic bass heads running into two Ampeg 8x10 SVT bass cabs. Prior to the use of the all-tube SVT Classic heads, Hoppus used two Ampeg SVT-4 Pro heads which only feature a tube preamp.[75] After the Neighborhoods album release, Hoppus used New Vintage amplifiers and cabinets, specifically the Undertow 300 amplifier and NW 8x10 bass cabinets.[76] In 2016, he began using Kemper Profiler amps in concert.[77]
Hoppus and Tom DeLonge co-owned two companies, Atticus and Macbeth Footwear, Hoppus has since sold his share in both companies; as well as loserkids.com.[78]
Mark Hoppus has made several acting appearances in films and television, often as part of blink-182. He first appeared as a member of a garage band in the hugely successful teen comedy American Pie (1999) with bandmates Tom DeLonge and Travis Barker, (Though the film's credits list Barker as Scott Raynor.) He appeared again with DeLonge, singing a cover of Jan and Dean's "Dead Man's Curve" in the CBS television movie Shake, Rattle and Roll: An American Love Story (1999).[79] Hoppus and DeLonge hosted the MTV show You Idiot! in 1999.[80] The band appeared in the Two Guys and a Girl episode "Au Revoir, Pizza Place" in 1999, as well as an animated cameo in The Simpsons episode "Barting Over" in 2003. The band made a guest appearance on MADtv in 2002, in a segment titled "Leave It to Blink-182", spoofing 1950s-era sitcoms.[81] Hoppus was a guest actor on an episode of the show Haunted in 2002.[82] In 2011, he appeared in the documentary film The Other F Word.[83] Hoppus was featured as a panelist on the comedy show Never Mind the Buzzcocks in 2012.[84]
He also wrote columns for Risen Magazine's March/April and May/June 2005 issues entitled "Beyond Us".[85] Mark Hoppus has been confirmed to be a part of a documentary about modern punk music entitled One Nine Nine Four. The film was due to be released in 2009 but has been delayed.[86]
In 2010, he joined the 9th annual Independent Music Awards judging panel to assist independent musicians' careers.
Mark Hoppus worked to help relief efforts in Japan after the devastating earthquake and tsunami Tōhoku. He announced that his group Blink-182, will be auctioning off items to benefit the American Red Cross on EBay. "So sad for what's happening in Japan. Gonna dig in the bins & find some old blink-182 items to auction for the Red Cross" said Mark. The items auctioned off included the original lyrics sheet to the group's hits "The Rock Show" and "Adam's Song", Bad Religion autographed cymbal, hand-painted 1.5 FT tall Bunny, blink-182 tour backstage pass, stickers, postcard/magnets, trading cards, the band's dressing room sign from the 2000 VMAs, and Hoppus orange sweater from the "Dammit" music video. Among the 33 items auctioned off for charity he totaled 4,318 dollars.[87]
"HiMyNameIsMark" is a podcast that was set up in the wake of the Blink-182 hiatus by Hoppus, and can be found at HiMyNameIsMark.com. Every few weeks he released a show of songs by underground bands, interviews with band members and/or friends, and reminisces about happenings in his life. He is often joined on the show by his friends Chris Holmes (+44's engineer) and James Ingram (+44's assistant engineer). Hoppus has also created various side projects including "Hopp on Popp" where he reviews one of his favorite up and coming artists, some of which have been Matt & Kim, fun., and Japandroids. In late 2014, the podcast returned from a hiatus.
In 2012, "HiMyNameIsMark" rebranded itself as a clothing company, selling apparel and accessories branded with an octopus logo.[88]
On June 22, 2010, Fuse announced that Hoppus would be hosting his own weekly, one-hour television series entitled A Different Spin with Mark Hoppus. In relation to the press release, Hoppus stated "I am stoked to join the Fuse family and have a show where I can talk about a topic that I'm passionate about, music. More importantly, I'm excited to force millions of people to watch me on a weekly basis on national television." According to Fuse senior vice president of programming and development Sal LoCurto, "A Different Spin with Mark Hoppus was developed to complement the wide variety of music programming on Fuse – including live concerts, festival coverage and in-depth interview series with the biggest names in music. On August 5, Hoppus revealed the co-host of the show would be comedian Amy Schumer."[89]
The show focuses on music news, fun panel discussions and special reports from the show's correspondents. The show also features musical performances by both mainstream and emerging bands.[89][90] The show officially premiered on September 16, 2010, on Fuse. The show's second season premiered in March 2011 and the show was re-titled Hoppus on Music.
On August 18, 2020, the first episode of Hoppus's newest podcast entitled After School Radio would premiere on Apple Music.[91] The podcast is hosted weekly by Hoppus, where he focuses on the artists, music, and culture that have defined the alternative genre.
Most notably, the August 3, 2021, episode titled "The Mark and Tom Show" reunited Hoppus with then former bandmate Tom Delonge.[92]
Hoppus met former MTV talent executive Skye Everly in August 1999, at a rehearsal for the music video of "All the Small Things", and they later married on December 2, 2000. According to a 2004 interview, she initially refused to date him. Hoppus elaborated, "Tom [DeLonge] always used to embarrass me. Any girl he'd talk to, he'd say, 'Hey, you wanna go on a date with Mark?' He asked Skye, my wife, who looked at me and said, 'No.' That's how it all started."[93] Their son, Jack, was born in 2002.[94]
Hoppus stands 6 ft 2 in (1.88 m) tall.[95] In 2004, he revealed that he votes for the Libertarian Party.[9] He said, "To me, it means to respect other people and let them do their own thing. The government is there to help people but not control them."[9] A 2000 Rolling Stone profile noted that he "pray[s] every night",[5] and he said of his religious views in 2005, "It's amazing to me that anyone can say that one thing is right. [...] To draw lines over something that none of us on earth could possibly comprehend seems like a waste of time."[9]
In 2011, Hoppus and his family relocated to the Mayfair area of London, England,[6] as Blink-182 were in the process of completing their sixth album, Neighborhoods. They remained in London until 2014, when they moved back to the US and have since settled in Beverly Hills, California.[96] During his time in London, he enjoyed jogging in the city's parks and became a supporter of Premier League football club Chelsea F.C..[6][97] Hoppus is also a devout supporter of the NFL's Los Angeles Rams.[98][99]
Hoppus was a vegan for many years, though he returned to eating meat at his doctor's recommendation following his cancer diagnosis in 2021.[100]
On June 23, 2021, Hoppus revealed that he was undergoing treatment for cancer after accidentally sharing a picture of himself undergoing chemotherapy treatment to his public Instagram Story.[101][102] On July 11, he said that he was experiencing stage 4 diffuse large B-cell lymphoma.[103] On September 29 of the same year, Hoppus announced that he was declared cancer-free, but would continue to be screened every 6 months in case the cancer returns.[104]
Studio album:
EPs:Brown Edge is a village and civil parish in the Staffordshire Moorlands district of Staffordshire, England.  According to the 2001 census it had a population of 2,406, increasing to 2,486 at the 2011 census.[1]  The village is on the fringe of The Potteries Urban Area, and is about 5 miles north-east of Hanley in Stoke-on-Trent & operate an annual barn dance in which the local males look for an eligible partner.
Brown Edge lies within the boundaries of the ancient Saxon kingdom of Mercia. However, before 1800 the village consisted of no more than several farm cottages, some of which survive today. Throughout the 19th century, the village remained largely untouched by the pottery and mining industries of Stoke-on-Trent and it was not until only around 1950 when the villagers began working in local mines such as Chatterley Whitfield.
Brown Edge also annually practices the local tradition of well dressing. This is an ancient festival which has its roots in pagan worship and involves blessing the local wells or springs on which the villagers would once have depended for their water by decorating the location with flowers. In modern times this is done by pressing items such a flower, coffee beans and coloured gravel into clay covered boards which are left up for several days around the time of the summer festival. The neighbouring village of Endon also participates in this practice, though it has fewer wells.
Brown Edge has several small businesses including Keith's Supermarket, Keith's Newsagents (now within the village shop), Keith's Workshop (now closed), a local Post Office (now within the village shop), two mechanics, Scrumbles Cake Shop, two hairdressers, Sandy Lane Chinese/Chip Shop and the local pubs, The Hollybush (now known as The Bush) and The Rose & Crown (now known as Top Pub). The largest of these, Keith's Supermarket attracts customers from around the local area and supplies a range of products from food to gardening and DIY equipment and can be found on the highstreet. Keith's was taken over by the chain Nisa in 2018. [2] and Morrisons in 2024.
Brown Edge holds many annual events, the main one of which being the Summer Fair during which the well dressing is performed. This event usually occurs in late June or early July, but dates have been known to change from year to year dependent on weather forecasts and the decisions of the organising committee.
Both the village halls and Sandy Lane Centre hold events including dance classes, keep fit/exercise classes and a toddler group.
Cricketer and umpire John Steele was born in Brown Edge and along with his brother David, the England batsman, lived here for several years.

53°04′44″N 2°08′22″W﻿ / ﻿53.07889°N 2.13944°W﻿ / 53.07889; -2.13944Kevrola (Russian: Кеврола) is a rural locality (a village) and the administrative center of Kevrolskoye Rural Settlement of Pinezhsky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. The population was 447 as of 2010.[2]
Kevrola is located on the Pinega River, 10 km southeast of Karpogory (the district's administrative centre) by road. Aynova is the nearest rural locality.[3]

This Arkhangelsk Oblast location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Idania de Los Angeles Fernandez Ramirez (July 23, 1952 – April 16, 1979) was a Nicaraguan revolutionary in the Sandinista Front.
The second out of five children, Idania de Los Angeles Fernández Ramírez spent her early years in León, Nicaragua. At the age of three, her family moved to the neighbourhood of Subtiava on the outskirts of León. She lived in Managua between the ages of six and ten until her family moved to the town of Jinotega in 1962. Three years later, her family returned to Managua, where Idania finished elementary and high school between the years 1965 and 1972 at the French School of the Sacred Heart, the same institution attended by now ex-President Violeta Chamorro.[1]
Idania developed organizational and leadership skills as a member of the group "Las Metanoias"[citation needed] during her senior year in high school. The group took spiritual retreat trips to Hacienda El Tepeyac[citation needed] near Mombacho Volcano and Lake Nicaragua for group study of liberation theology. Idania became an activist, representing her school in various organizations that demanded the release of political prisoners in 1971–1972.
In 1973, her family moved to Panama and she started her college education in Economics at the University of Panama. She resumed her activism, joining the Solidarity Committees in support of the Sandinista Liberation Front prisoners. In 1974, she married David Miranda, a Panamanian-Nicaraguan student of economics. In August 1975, she gave birth to her daughter, who she named Claudia for Claudia Chamorro, another Sandinista who would be killed in action a year later.
Idania first met the Sandinistas in 1974 in Panama, helping them with logistics, including accommodations and supplies.
Idania was considered a participant in the raid at the National Government Palace in 1 which took hostages and handled to the release of several Sandinistas in captivity. Ultimately, Dora María Téllez was chosen, the only woman in the operation, which was named after Rigoberto López Pérez.
In 1978, following the insurrection in Monimbo (a barrio in Masaya), Idania joined the ranks of the FSLN Command in Panama and Costa Rica, where she frequently met with members of the "Dirección Nacional" (National FSLN Directorate). She trained in Cuba in the middle of 1978.
Between 1975 and 1978, Idania made trips to Nicaragua and Costa Rica on clandestine missions, including one trip to the Northern Front and different operatives. In September 1978, she wounded her left hand in combat near the southern border of Nicaragua. She was taken to a Costa Rican hospital near the border. Fearing for her security at the hospital, Sergio Ramírez's wife picked her up and took her to a Sandinista makeshift hospital in Nicaragua near the border.[2]
Upon her return to Panama, the Panamanian military had assigned Secret Service security personnel to high-ranking or identifiable Sandinistas including Idania. She could no longer use her real name or passport on her missions to Nicaragua, or visit public places in Panama without an escort. She was required to carry a high-calibre Magnum pistol in her purse at all times.
After a number of spontaneous uprisings in Monimbo, Matagalpa, Estelí, and other cities that saw the Sandinistas react to rather than control these expressions of discontent, a major shift in Sandinista strategy was developed. In order to take the lead in the Insurrection, two major Insurrectional Commands were organized; the Frente Interno in Managua and the Western Command in the city of León. Idania was assigned to the newly formed Western Insurrectional Command, which required experience with the communities and base organizations ("trabajo de barrios"), worker unions, students, and religious groups and organizing the neighbourhoods for the final offensive.[2]
In February 1979, Omar Torrijos, head of the Panamanian government, invited the Grupo de Los Doce, prominent Nicaraguan businessmen backing up the Sandinistas, for talks in Panama. By this time, arms shipments from Venezuela and Cuba were under way. Dr. Joaquín Cuadra, a member of Los Doce and whose son Joaquín Cuadra, leader of the Frente Interno Sandinista Command, was in Nicaragua, invited Idania and Oscar Perez Cassar for the talks and dinner. Idania and Oscar were also members of the Frente Interno, and scheduled to go back to Nicaragua via Honduras, to assume the leadership of the Western Regional Command for the final Insurrection. Sergio Ramírez, also a member of Los Doce and a member of the upcoming Government Junta, relates that Idania attended with her hand still bandaged from surgery after her wounds in September.[2]
In March 1979, Idania went back to Nicaragua to resume her post in the Western Regional Command, and was prepared to stay indefinitely until victory or death, as a member of the ill-fated Insurrectional Command "Rigoberto López Pérez" headed by Dora María Téllez. The Sandinistas sought to finish the Somozas' regime.[3]
Sergio Ramírez chose "The swan over the burning coals" for the title of the chapter in his book "Adios Muchachos"[4] dedicated to the memory of the events of the day that shook the entire city of León and the rest of the country. On April 16, 1979, the Sandinista war was escalating quickly, with battles taking place in more than twenty cities in Nicaragua. Most of the leaders of the Revolutionary Government were in Costa Rican or Panamanian safe houses, their tasks were to provide military strategy, negotiate with foreign governments, and develop a plan for the new Nicaraguan Government Junta. All combat operations were organized and led by five separate regional commands throughout the country. The most important ones were the Western Command, based in the City of León, and the Frente Interno, based in Managua. They were considered critical for a fast victory.
On that day, the members of the Western Regional Command integrated by Oscar Pérez Cassar, Idania Fernandez, Araceli Pérez Darias, Edgard Lang Sacasa, Roger Deshon Argüello and Carlos Manuel Jarquin were in session in a safe house in the suburbs of León. The National Guard was attacking the City of Estelí, near the mountains and they were coordinating efforts to help them.
An informant and eighty members of the National Guard, in jeeps and tanks, surrounded the block and stormed into the house. The Sandinistas were unable to escape or to grab their weapons. Morales was able to get into a swimming pool and passed herself off as a resident of the house and ended up as the only survivor. The informant positively identified the men, but he said he did not know the women. Afterwards, all of the men were executed on the spot, while Idania and Darias were arrested, taken to the Fortin of Acosasco, tortured, and murdered.[5]
Thousands attended the funerals of Idania and Darias. The Somoza government refused to return the remains of Darias (a Mexican national) to her family. Idania's parents and two youngest sisters were living in Dallas, Texas, and contacted the Dallas Morning News. The paper dedicated a full-page article on the events in the Sunday edition.
Soon after, in the city of León, guerilla fighters led by Dora María Téllez, Idania's comrade, increased their operational tempo as a result of public outrage over the deaths. In June, victory over the Somoza forces in León was complete, followed by the fall of the capital Managua two weeks later, bringing the Somoza regime to an end.
"I leave you an example of life, mine," wrote Idania to her daughter in her farewell letters. Reprinted in Margaret Randall's book Todas Estamos Despiertas.[5][citation needed] and many columnists' and editorial pages in Nicaragua since her death.[citation needed]Ernesto Cardenal, Sergio Ramirez and other dissidents of the Sandinistas often quote Idania's writings and ideals.
After her death, Idania's reputation grew. In 1984, at the peak of the Contra war, one of the largest battalions of the Sandinista Popular Army (Ejército Popular Sandinista), dispatched to the Northern Front to fight the Contras, was named after her.
There are nurseries and police stations named for her but there are no monuments or statues for her in Nicaragua.[6][4][7][8]The Übergangskriegslokomotiven (literally: provisional war locomotives) were austere versions of standard locomotives (Einheitslokomotiven) built by Germany during the Second World War in order to accelerate their production. They are often just called 'ÜK' locomotives.
In the Second World War the requirement for motive power, especially goods train locomotives, rose sharply. To cope with the demand the standard locomotive classes 44, 50 and 86 were built, after 1941, to a simpler, more austere design and given the designation (ÜK) after the class number.
Characteristic of ÜK locomotives are e.g. disc wheels on the carrying axles and the omission of the front side windows in the driver's cabs. Even preheaters, feed pumps, Frontschürzen, smoke deflectors and other equipment not essential for the operation of the locomotives were sometimes left out.
The ÜK classes proved however to be just an interim step. As early as 1941 the requirement for a further, more radical simplification of locomotive construction became ever more pressing.  As a result, genuine war locomotives (the Kriegslokomotiven) were developed by the Deutsche Reichsbahn. They were sub-divided into wartime steam locomotives (Kriegs-Dampf-Lokomotiven or KDL) and wartime electric locomotives (Kriegs-Elektrolokomotiven or KEL). Examples include the steam classes 42 and 52, as well as the Class E 44 and E 94.
Triumphant Return is the third album from the Christian metal band Whitecross, released on January 31, 1989.[1] It reached No. 13 on Billboard's Top Contemporary Christian Albums chart.[2] The album won the 1990 Dove Award for Hard Music Album of the Year.[3]
This 1980s metal album–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Estadio Municipal de la Juventud is a football stadium located in Chongoyape District of the Department of Lambayeque, Peru. It is home to football clubs ADC Juan Pablo II College, and Pirata FC, both of the Peruvian Segunda División.[1] The stadium has a capacity of 2,500.[2]
6°38′12″S 79°23′35″W﻿ / ﻿6.6367°S 79.3931°W﻿ / -6.6367; -79.3931

This article about a sports venue in Peru is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
John Frederick Tasman Hassell (24 June 1839 – 15 February 1919) was an Australian pastoralist and politician who served in both houses of the Parliament of Western Australia. He was a member of the Legislative Council from 1893 to 1894 and later served in the Legislative Assembly from 1900 to 1901.
Hassell was born in Launceston, Tasmania, to Ellen (née Boucher) and John Hassell. His family moved to Albany, Western Australia, when he was an infant, where his younger brother Albert Hassell (who was also a member of parliament) was born. In 1856, Hassell became manager of his father's property at Kendenup. He returned to Albany in 1864 and went into partnership with his brother, establishing a business there. He also worked as an agent for P&O, a steamship company.[1] From 1865 to 1866, Hassell served on the Albany Town Trust. He also served on the Plantagenet Road Board for a period. Hassell entered parliament in August 1893, as a nominee of the governor, Sir William Robinson, to the Legislative Council. He served until July 1894, when the council became fully elective.[2] Hassell re-entered parliament at the 1900 Albany by-election, replacing George Leake (who had resigned) in the seat of Albany. He served only until the 1901 state election, which he did not contest.[3] Hassell died in Albany in 1919, aged 79. He had married Isabella Johanna Morison in 1868, with whom he had five daughters.[2]
Romulus Hunt: A Family Opera is an album written and composed by American singer-songwriter Carly Simon, released by Angel Records, on November 16, 1993.
The singing on the album is performed by a cast of five.[who?] Simon does appear at the end of the album, performing "Voulez-Vous Danser" as a bonus track.
Simon was jointly commissioned by the Metropolitan Opera Association and the Kennedy Center to write a contemporary opera that would appeal to younger people. She came up with Romulus Hunt, named after its 12-year-old protagonist. It is a family opera about divorce. Romulus tries to trick his divorced, ill-matched parents into coming back together. His sidekick is an imaginary Rastafarian named Zoogy who knows enough Jamaican magic to help with the plot. Eddie, Rom's father, is an artsy type who pierces his son's nose, while his prim mother, Joanna, worries more about propriety. A triangle is created by Mica, Eddie's girlfriend, a ditsy performance artist. During the show's final minutes Eddie learns to love Rom by recalling his own father's indifference.[2]
In December 2014, the Nashville Opera Association premiered a new performance edition of the opera.[3][4]
All tracks are written by Carly Simon.[5]Necessary Noize was a Kenyan hip hop group.
It was originally composed of female MC/singer Nazizi Hirji, singer Kevin Wyre and rapper Bamzigi, though Bamzigi later left due to personal and label disputes. The group was formed in October 2000 and released their self-titled debut album in 2000 under Audio Vault Studios (now Blu Zebra). This contained the hits "Clang Clang," and "La Di Da."
They steadily grew in popularity and were later to release a second album Necessary Noize II: Kenyan Gal, Kenyan Boy in 2004 which included popular regional hits such as "Kenyan Gal, Kenyan Boy" and "Bless My Room" . Although mainly hip hop based, the group also does some reggae and R&B tracks. They are appreciated for their socially conscious lyrics that deal with issues affecting youth such as AIDS, drugs and politics.
Together with Ugandan ragga musician Bebe Cool, they have released music under the name East Africa Bashment Crew. The group is nominated at the inaugural (2008) MTV Africa Music Awards.[1] Necessary Noize has also collaborated with the Tanzanian hip hop group Gangwe Mobb with "Tunajirusha" hit. Guests on their debut album include Mizchif from Zimbabwe, Jerry Doobiez of K-South and Nyota Ndogo.[2]
Nazizi and Wyre have also done solo projects before and during the existence of the group.
Won:
Nominated:
Bathinda Rural is a Punjab Legislative Assembly constituency in Bathinda district, Punjab state, India. Its previous name was Pakka Kalan Assembly constituency.[1]
30°11′N 74°50′E﻿ / ﻿30.19°N 74.83°E﻿ / 30.19; 74.83Feed tha Streets III is the third commercial mixtape by American rapper Roddy Ricch. It was released through Atlantic Records and Bird Vision Entertainment on November 18, 2022. The mixtape features guest appearances from Lil Durk and Ty Dolla Sign. Production was handled by Cubeatz, DY, Teddy Walton, Turbo, Jetson, and Mustard, among others. The mixtape was supported by three singles: "Stop Breathing", "Aston Martin Truck", and the Durk-assisted "Twin". It is the final installment of Ricch's Feed Tha Streets mixtape trilogy.[1]
On August 5, 2022, Ricch wrote a handwritten letter to his fans and posted a picture of it, providing an update on the mixtape and on his life:
Been working hard on this Feed Tha Streets 3 album, getting back to my regular regimen and also been happier than I've been in a long time.
I understand things have escalated quickly and God has taken us to places we never would've imagined possible but I'm here for every challenge and obstacle. Thank You to everybody whose stayed supportive of me through all the glorious moments and all the hard times.
During my process I've been able to work close with some amazing people on a new tech company called, ROLL.
I want to be closer to my fans and show all the sides no one ever sees. I want to show my album process, my new journey of fatherhood and all the things that comes with the life of being RR.[2]
On October 22, 2022, Ricch's 24th birthday, he announced the mixtape and its release date, alongside its cover art, after revealing its existence a few times before.[3] On November 13, 2022, he shared its tracklist, which also revealed the list of record producers and what tracks they produced.[4]
The lead single of the mixtape, "Stop Breathing", was released on September 30, 2022.[5] The second single, "Aston Martin Truck", was released on October 21, 2022.[6] The third single, "Twin", which features fellow American rapper Lil Durk, was released on November 14, 2022.[7]
Joshua Robinson of HotNewHipHop felt that it feels good for a mixtape although Ricch is less aggressive than usual, explaining that he "proves that and emphatically puts a pin in the intriguing first chapter of his career".[10]The Mauritania–Senegal border is 742 km (461 mi) in length and runs from the Atlantic Ocean in the west along the Senegal River to the tripoint with Mali in the east.[1]
The border starts in the west at the Atlantic coast and then goes east, crossing the Langue de Barbarie spit, and then veers north, utilizing the Marigot de Mambatio, before reaching the Senegal river. The border then follows this river eastwards in a broad arc, terminating at the Mali tripoint at the Senegal/Falémé confluence.[2]
France had begun settling on the coasts of modern Mauritania and Senegal in the 17th-18th centuries, gradually extended their rule further inland as far as modern Mali during the 1850s-80s.[3][4] As a result of the ‘Scramble for Africa’ in the 1880s, France gained control the upper valley of the Niger River (roughly equivalent to the areas of modern Mali and Niger).[3] France occupied this area in 1900, followed by Mauritania in 1903–04. Mali (then referred to as French Sudan) was originally included, along with modern Niger and Burkina Faso, within the Upper Senegal and Niger colony, however it was later split off and, along with Mauritania, became a constituent of the federal colony of French West Africa (Afrique occidentale française, abbreviated AOF).[5][3] The following year on 25 February 1905 France created a border between Senegal and Mauritania along the Senegal river, which was then described in more detail in a decree of 8 December 1933.[3][2]
As the movement for decolonization grew in the post-Second World War era, France gradually granted more political rights and representation for their sub-Saharan African colonies, culminating in the granting of broad internal autonomy to French West Africa in 1958 within the framework of the French Community.[6] In 1960, both Mauritania and Senegal gained independence, and their mutual frontier became an international one between two states.
Relations between the two states, initially fairly good, deteriorated in the 1980s due to various disputes along the Senegal river, exacerbated by droughts and ethnic tension. The disputes erupted into armed clashes along the frontier in 1989, resulting in a war that ended in 1991.[7]USS Exultant is a name used more than once by the U.S. Navy:[1]
Song Sugwon, also Song Soo-Kwon (Korean: 송수권, March 15, 1940 – April 4, 2016),[1] was a modern South Korean writer.[2]
Song Sugwon was born on March 15, 1940, in Goheung County, South Jeolla Province.[3] Song attended Suncheon Normal School and Goheung Junior High School[3] before from Sorabol Arts College with a degree in Creative Writing. Song worked at the Kwangju Yogwang Girls Middle School as both a teacher and an educational researcher.[4]
Of Song Sugwon's poetry, the Korea Literature Translation Institute wrote:
Bitterness is the most salient sentiment in this Song Sugweon’s work; but his poetry emphasizes not the typical sentiment of a weak bitterness giving rise to self-contempt, but rather, within that bitterness, a dignified masculine identity of immanent intimacy and power. He has published many works that succeed in preserving the flavor and style of the southern dialects, designed to inspire the people through a consciousness of history and regional differences.[5]
Song's work centers on the lives of common people, although Song does not see live as a confrontation between have and have-nots, and Song's work follows the lines of classical Korean lyricism. Having lived in South Jeolla Province most of his life, including at the time of his death, Song Sugwon was able to infuse his poetry with the regional culture.[4]James William Anderson (December 1, 1930 – March 10, 2013) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and head coach.[1] Anderson played 7 games with the Los Angeles Kings of the National Hockey League (NHL), and was the first head coach of the Washington Capitals. He was born in Pembroke, Ontario.
Jim Anderson spent the majority of his 16-year minor league career with the Springfield Indians franchise of the AHL,[2] and remains the all-time leader in games played, goals and points for the franchise. In his first season with Springfield, Anderson scored 39 goals and was awarded the Dudley "Red" Garrett Memorial Award as  AHL rookie of the year in 1954–55.[2] In the early 1960s, Anderson scored 35 or more goals for Springfield for five straight years, helping lead the team to three consecutive Calder Cup championships, to this day the only AHL franchise to win three straight. In 1960–61, Anderson was named an AHL Second Team All-Star, scoring 81 points (the most of his career) with a league-leading 43 goals.[2] The 40 goals he scored in 1963–64 earned him the Willie Marshall Award as the AHL's leading goal scorer, and also led again to be named a Second Team All-Star.
In the 1967–68 season, the National Hockey League expanded to twelve teams, and the new Los Angeles Kings took over the  Springfield franchise as their top minor league affiliate, rebranding them as the Springfield Kings. That season, Anderson finally made his first NHL appearance with the parent Kings, playing in 7 games, and scoring 1 goal and 2 assists.[2]
Anderson's AHL career concluded with 426 goals and 821 points in 943 games, at the time in the top five all-time in each category in the AHL. As of the 2015 season, he remains 11th all-time in games played, fifth in goals scored and ninth in points scored.
Anderson was twice Springfield's head coach (1969-70 and 1975-76), and was the first head coach in the history of the NHL's Washington Capitals.[3]  After being replaced mid-season by George Sullivan,[4]  Anderson became a professional scout for the Los Angeles Kings' organization for 19 years.
In November 2008, Anderson's career was recognized with induction into the fourth class (2009) of the AHL Hall of Fame.  He continued to make his off-season home in the Springfield area, and after retirement was a local skating instructor until shortly before his death.
Haqin (Arabic: حقين) is a sub-district located in Hazm al-'Udayn District, Ibb Governorate, Yemen. Haqin had a population of 16168 according to the 2004 census.[1][2][3]


This article about a location in the Ibb Governorate of  Yemen is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Charles Peter David (born 1957) is a Grenadian politician.  He is a member of the House of Representatives from the Town of Saint George's constituency, and served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from July 2008 to November 2010. He subsequently served as Minister of Tourism until he resigned from the Cabinet on April 30, 2012.
David was elected to the House of Representatives as an NDC candidate from the Town of St. George in the November 2003 general election. The New National Party (NNP), the governing party, repeatedly went to court in attempts to prevent David from serving in Parliament, arguing that he is a citizen of Canada and thus ineligible, but these legal efforts by the NNP were rejected.[1]
In the general election held on July 8, 2008, David was re-elected from the Town of St. George.[2] The NDC won a majority of seats in this election, and David became Minister of Tourism and Foreign Affairs in the new NDC Cabinet, led by Prime Minister Tillman Thomas, which was sworn in on July 13.[3]
David later joined the New National Party (NNP), becoming a government senator following that party's landslide victory in the 2013 general election.[4] After the NNP won another landslide victory in the 2018 election, David was appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs.[5] Following a cabinet reshuffle two years later, his portfolio switched to Minister for Agriculture and Labour.,[6] a position he held until NNP's loss at the polls in June, 2022.[7] David made an unsuccessful run to become the new leader of the New National Party with the retirement in 2024 of long-term leader Keith Mitchell. David withdrew from the race a day before the party’s convention, accusing the process of having been rigged against him. He resigned from the New National Party and became an independent MP on 20 January 2025.[8]The Beauty of Fractals is a 1986 book by Heinz-Otto Peitgen and Peter Richter which publicises the fields of complex dynamics, chaos theory and the concept of fractals. It is lavishly illustrated and as a mathematics book became an unusual success.
The book includes a total of 184 illustrations, including 88 full-colour pictures of Julia sets. Although the format suggests a coffee table book, the discussion of the background of the presented images addresses some sophisticated mathematics which would not be found in popular science books. In 1987 the book won an Award for distinguished technical communication.
The books starts with a general introduction to Complex Dynamics, Chaos and  fractals. In particular the Feigenbaum  scenario and the relation to Julia sets and the Mandelbrot set is discussed. The following special sections provide in depth detail for the shown images: Verhulst Dynamics, Julia Sets and Their Computergraphical Generation, Sullivan's Classification of Critical Points, The Mandelbrot Set, External Angles and Hubbard Trees, Newton's Method for Complex Polynomials: Cayley's Problem, Newtons's Method for Real Equations, A Discrete Volterra-Lotka System, Yang-Lee Zeros, Renormalization (Magnetism and Complex Boundaries).
The book also includes invited Contributions by  Benoît Mandelbrot, Adrien Douady, Gert Eilenberger and Herbert W. Franke, which provide additional formality and some historically interesting detail. Benoit Mandelbrot gives a very personal account of his discovery of fractals in general and the fractal named after him in particular. Adrien Douady explains the solved and unsolved problems relating to the almost amusingly complex Mandelbrot set.
Part of the text was originally conceived as a supplemented catalogue to the exhibition Frontiers of Chaos of the German Goethe-Institut, first seen in Europe and the United States. It described the context and meaning of these images. The images were created at the "Computer Graphics Laboratory Dynamical Systems" at the University of Bremen in 1984 and 1985. Dedicated software had to be developed to make the necessary computations which at that time took hours of computer time to create a single image. For the exhibit and the book the computed images had to be captured as photographs. Digital image capturing and archiving were not feasible at that time.
The book was cited and its images were reproduced in a number of publications.[1][2][3] Some images were even used before the book was published. The cover article of the Scientific American August 1985 edition showed some of the images and provided reference to the book to be published.[4]
One particular image sequence of the book is the close up series "seahorse valley". While the first publication of such a close up series was the June 1984 cover article of the Magazine Geo,[5] The Beauty of Fractals provided the first such publication within a book.
The NER Class L (LNER Class J73) was a class of 0-6-0T steam locomotives of the North Eastern Railway.[1][2] They were a specialised design, intended for use on the Redheugh and Quayside banks on either side of the River Tyne. They were replaced on the Quayside branch by NER Class ES1 electric locomotives in 1905 but were re-allocated to other duties.
The Class L was Wilson Worsdell's first design for the NER. Unusually for a Wilson Worsdell design, they were fitted with Joy valve gear instead of the Stephenson valve gear fitted to his later locomotives.
All 10 locomotives survived into British Railways ownership in 1948 and their BR numbers were 68355-68364.  They were all withdrawn between 1955 and 1960. None have been preserved.
This article relating to steam locomotives operated in England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Godfrey atte Curt (fl. 1298) was an English Member of Parliament (MP).
He was a Member of the Parliament of England for New Shoreham in 1298.[1]

This article about a 13th-century member of the parliament of England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Léonard Renoir, The Artist's Father is an oil on canvas painting by the French artist Pierre-Auguste Renoir (1841–1919), created in the summer of 1869 at the age of 28.  The painting depicts Renoir's father, a tailor, at 70 years old.  Due to financial difficulties, Renoir was living with his parents at the time.  The Realist conventions are evident, with the portrait showing the influence of Édouard Manet (1832–1883), using a limited palette of black and white to portray Renoir's father's stern demeanor, giving it a "somber and austere" effect. It was painted just before he joined Claude Monet (1840–1926) to work on the Seine at Croissy-sur-Seine.[1]The Malaysian Chinese-language edition of Deal or No Deal (Chinese:一擲千金, pinyin: yī zhí qiān jīn, Jyutping: yat1 zaak6 cin1 gam1) is being aired on ntv7 at 7pm every Monday and Tuesday beginning 12 March 2007. Being the first Mandarin-language version of Deal or No Deal anywhere in the world, it was initially hosted by Goh Wee Ping, who was replaced by Owen Yap in season 2. Prizes range from 10 sen to RM 100,000, hidden  2 cases each held by a "Revlon girl" (i.e. the girls' appearance is sponsored by Revlon).
The second season premiered on May 8, 2008 for 52 episodes.[1]
In each episode, six contestants join in the preliminary round in which the fastest one to answer two questions correctly progresses into the major "Deal or No Deal" stage.
If at any time the contestant answered a question wrongly, he / she will be out of the game.
The contestant who won the preliminary round would select one out of 26 cases, hoping that the chosen case has the largest bounty. After that he/she needs to reveal six other cases before hearing the first offer.
The mysterious "Banker" communicates to Wee Ping through a phone, from which he reads out the Banker's offer to the contestant, tempting him/her with the catchphrase 賣或不賣 (pinyin:mài huò bú mài, lit. "to deal or not to deal"). As usual, if the contestant chooses not to deal he/she would have to reveal a number of unselected cases still held by the Revlon girls.
But when he/she makes the deal (by pushing a stylized red button enclosed in a glass case), or rejects the final offer with only one unselected case remaining he/she will answer an important question. If he/she answers correctly he/she gets the full amount of cash offered, otherwise he/she would only take 20% of it.
In statistics and research design, an index is a composite statistic – a measure of changes in a representative group of individual data points, or in other words, a compound measure that aggregates multiple indicators.[1][2] Indices – also known as indexes and composite indicators – summarize and rank specific observations.[2]
Much data in the field of social sciences and sustainability are represented in various indices such as Gender Gap Index, Human Development Index or the Dow Jones Industrial Average. The ‘Report by the Commission on the Measurement of Economic Performance and Social Progress’, written by Joseph Stiglitz, Amartya Sen, and Jean-Paul Fitoussi in 2009 [3] suggests that these measures have experienced a dramatic growth in recent years due to three concurring factors:
According to Earl Babbie, items in indices are usually weighted equally, unless there are some reasons against it (for example, if two items reflect essentially the same aspect of a variable, they could have a weight of 0.5 each).[4]
According to the same author,[5] constructing the items involves four steps. First, items should be selected based on their content validity, unidimensionality, the degree of specificity in which a dimension is to be measured, and their amount of variance. Items should be empirically related to one another, which leads to the second step of examining their multivariate relationships. Third, index scores are designed, which involves determining score ranges and weights for the items. Finally, indices should be validated, which involves testing whether they can predict indicators related to the measured variable not used in their construction.[5]
A handbook for the construction of composite indicators (CIs) was published jointly by the OECD and by the European Commission's Joint Research Centre in 2008.[6] The handbook – officially endorsed by the OECD high level statistical committee, describe ten recursive steps for developing an index:[7]
As suggested by the list, many modelling choices are needed to construct a composite indicator, which makes their use controversial.[6] The delicate issue of assigning and validating weights is discussed e.g. in.[8] A sociological reading of the nature of composite indicators is offered by Paul-Marie Boulanger, who sees these measures at the intersection of three movements:[9]
A subsequent work by Boulanger [10] analyses composite indicators in light of the social system theories of Niklas Luhmann to investigate how different measurements of progress are or are not taken up.
This statistics-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Mariam Mint Ahmed Aicha is a Mauritanian politician. Her name is sometimes given as Mariam Mint Ahmed Aiche or Mariam bint Ahmed Aiche. From 1992 until 1994, she served as Minister of Women's Affairs; from 1994 until 1995 she was Secretary of Women's Affairs. She was born and raised in the City of Boutilimit, known for its academics, intellectuals and senior government officials since the country's independence until today, called the cultural capital of Mauritania.
She is the President of the Association Mauritanienne pour la Promotion de la Famille (AMPF) which was founded in 1990, focused primarily sensitizing both the general population and the country’s political and religious leaders to the personal and economic benefits of family planning, and on promoting provision of proper sexual and reproductive health (SRH) services. AMPF provides SRH services including family planning (FP), antenatal and post-natal counselling, mother and child immunization, paediatrics, incomplete abortion care and referral, HIV and AIDS protection including PMTCT, and general SRH counselling.
Sensitization and awareness creation is indirectly carried out through children’s vaccination clinics, through programmes providing nutritional advice, and through general maternal and child health services (a critical requirement in a country subject to high levels of maternal and child mortality).
AMPF is committed to improving women’s status as a fundamental principle if the nation’s demographic circumstances are to change for the better. Spreading awareness of the benefits of birth spacing is an important component in this, as is the promotion of economic opportunities for women. AMPF has been involved in the creation of a number of craft-based co-operatives in pursuit of this aim. Special efforts have been made to reach marginalized and under-served populations.
AMPF’s efforts in advocacy and policy dialogue contributed to enacting the Reproductive Health Act, a Religious judgment outlawing female genital mutilation (FGM) and other harmful practices. AMPF enjoys a good reputation and has strategic partnerships with the Ministry of Health, other CSOs, and with the UNFPA.[1][2]

This article about a Mauritanian politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Alejandro Martín Bordonaro (born 20 April 1988 in Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a forward for Almagro.

This biographical article related to Argentine football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Eiland is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Media related to Eiland (surname) at Wikimedia CommonsJohn Korsrud (born 1963) is a Canadian composer and jazz trumpeter.
John Korsrud was born in 1963.[1] He graduated from the University of British Columbia in 1990. Korsrud studied composition with Louis Andriessen at the Royal Conservatory of Music in Amsterdam from 1995 to 1997.[2]
Korsrud has received commissions from the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra, the American Composers Orchestra, The CBC Radio Orchestra, and Dutch ensembles such as Ensemble LOOS, the Tetzepi Bigtet, the Zapp String Quartet, De Ereprijs, among others. in 2010, Korsrud performed on his own trumpet concerto, Come to the Dark Side at Carnegie Hall in with The American Composers Orchestra.
Since 1990, he has led the 18-piece new music/jazz ensemble Hard Rubber Orchestra, with which has appeared in Europe and across Canada, recorded three albums, and in 2005 won the Alcan Arts Award. The Hard Rubber Orchestra has commissioned over 50 works from composers such as Kenny Wheeler, Darcy James Argue, Brad Turner, Scott Good, Linda Bouchard, Rene Lussier and many others. Korsrud also leads the 20-piece Salsa/Latin-Jazz-Orchestra Orquestra Goma Dura, and the 14-piece drum and bass ensemble The Drum & Light Orchestra.[3]
Korsrud has also created large multimedia projects like The Elvis Cantatas (1994, 1996), The Ice Age: The World's First New Music Ice Show (2000, 2010), and Enter/Exit (2005), and The Drum & Light Festival (2008–10). The CBC produced a 70-minute version of Elvis Cantata, entitled Cantata for the King. He won the Leo Award and the Golden Sheaf Award for the music to the film Heroines (2002), and was nominated for the Gemini Award. He won another Leo Award for the film music to Prisoners of Age.
Korsrud is the recipient of the Canada Council's "Victor Martyn Lynch-Staunton Award" (2015), the City of Vancouver Mayor's Award for Music (2012), The Canada Council's Joseph S. Stauffer Prize (2001), and a fellowship from the Italian Civitella Ranieri Foundation (2003). Korsrud has performed as soloist with The Vancouver Symphony and The American Composers Orchestra.
He is currently a member of faculty at Capilano University and Vancouver Community College teaching composition[4] and resides in Vancouver, British Columbia.
Jazz Orchestra
Download coordinates as:
There are at least 75 waterfalls in the U.S. state of Utah.
KJFX (95.7 FM, "The Fox") is a commercial radio station in Fresno, California, owned by One Putt Broadcasting.  KJFX airs a classic rock music format.  Its studios are located at 1415 Fulton Street in downtown Fresno.  In morning drive time, the station carries The Bob and Tom Show, syndicated by Westwood One.
KJFX has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 17,500 watts.  The transmitter tower is off California State Route 168 in Humphreys Station.[2]  KJFX broadcasts using HD Radio technology.[3]
The origin of this station goes back to legendary radio owner, Gene Chenault.  He already owned KYNO 1300 AM (now KWRU).  It played Top 40 hits, using a format known as "Boss Radio" and was popular among the young people of Fresno.  The FCC granted it a construction permit in 1970 for an FM station at 95.5 MHz.  The call sign would be KYNO-FM.
The station signed on the air on May 15, 1970; 54 years ago (1970-05-15).[4]  The first format on KYNO-FM was the automated "Hit Parade '70" playing the softer songs from the current Top 40 and some recent hits.  The radio syndication company, Drake-Chenault, with Gene Chenault as a key executive, provided the FM station's programming.
In 1972, the station's call letters changed to KPHD but they went back to KYNO-FM in 1977. The format switched to album oriented rock (AOR), branded as "Rock 96 FM".
In 1978, the disco music sound was becoming very popular.  KYNO-FM flipped to all-disco in response.  KYNO-FM moved from 95.5 to 95.7 MHz in 1984.  Also in the 1980s, the format was changed to Top 40 branded as "96 FM" to compete with rival contemporary stations 94.9 KBOS and 103.7 KMGX.  In the late 1980s, the branding was changed to "Hot 96".
In February 1990, the format flipped to a classic rock with a change to its present call letters, KJFX.  The FX stands for "Fox", the station's mascot.  At that time, KJFX was owned by Wilkes Broadcasting.
On Tuesday, November 25, 2014, KJFX and sister stations KFRR and KJZN were purchased by One Putt Broadcasting from Wilks Broadcasting.  On January 30, 2015, the purchase was consummated.
Today, "95.7 The Fox" is a popular music station with adult men in Central California, despite a crowded radio market.  In morning drive time, the station carries the syndicated Bob and Tom Show from Indianapolis.  Also heard on KJFX are Kacy Allen, Koyote, Jeff Mora, Big Dog and the syndicated  Pink Floyd weekend program "Floydian Slip."[5]
36°56′56″N 119°29′13″W﻿ / ﻿36.949°N 119.487°W﻿ / 36.949; -119.487
Richmond Mountain is a mountain located in the Catskill Mountains of New York east-northeast of Hunter. Richtmyer Peak is located northeast, Bump Mountain is located south, Steenburg Mountain is located north, and Ashland Pinnacle is located west-southwest of Richmond Mountain.

This article about a location in Greene County, New York is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Musa Kheyl (Persian: موسي خيل, also Romanized as Mūsá Kheyl)[1] is a village in Balatajan Rural District, in the Central District of Qaem Shahr County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 14 families.[2]
This Qaem Shahr County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Awan (Urdu: اعوان) is a tribe and surname centred in the Northern Pakistan and Punjab region of Pakistan.[1][2] Awans are predominantly present in the northern, central, and western parts of Punjab, with significant population also present in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Azad Kashmir, and to a lesser extent, in Sindh and Balochistan. The tribe claim Arab, particularly Alid, origin[3] through its primary ancestor Qutub Shah, who came to modern-day Pakistan with Mahmud of Ghazni.[4]
Jamal J. Elias notes that the Awans believe themselves to be of Arab origin, descended from Ali ibn Abu Talib and that the claim of Arab descent gives them "high status in the Indian Muslim environment".[5] However, they are also described as having Jat origins by certain British Raj writers.[6]
Christophe Jaffrelot says:
The Awan deserve close attention, because of their historical importance and, above all, because they settled in the west, right up to the edge of Baluchi and Pashtun territory. Legend has it that their origins go back to Imam Ali and his second wife, Hanafiya. Historians describe them as valiant warriors and farmers who imposed their supremacy on the Janjua in part of the Salt Range and established large colonies all along the Indus to Sind, and a densely populated center not far from Lahore.[7]
People of the Awan community have a strong presence in the Pakistan Army[8] and a notable martial tradition.[9] They were listed as an "agricultural tribe" by the British Raj in 1925, a term that was then synonymous with classification as a "martial race".[10]
Centre for Human Genetics of Edith Cowan University, Australia, Armed Forces Institute of Pathology, Pakistan and Institute of General Genetics of Russian Academy of Science, Russia conducted different genetic studies on Awan and its neighbouring tribes, namely Khattar and Rajput, which concluded that Awans are genetically isolated, endogamous and very different from its neighbouring tribes.[11]
Department of Genetics of Hazara University, Pakistan conducted a dental morphology and DNA analysis of major tribes in Northern Pakistan which recorded that haplogroup T1 (originated in Israel[12][13]) is only found in Awans.[14]
Department of Genetics of Hazara University, Pakistan, Department of Anthropology of University of Alaska Fairbanks, USA and Center for Human Genetics of Hazara University, Pakistan conducted different studies in which hypervariable segment I (HVSI) from mtDNA was analyzed to establish the genetic lineage of the populations living in Northern Pakistan. In the study it was concluded that Awans fall in the same genetic cluster as the Arab tribe of Syeds because of their similarity.[15]Quarantined Rivals is a 1927 American silent romantic comedy film directed by Archie Mayo and starring Robert Agnew, Kathleen Collins and John Miljan.[1] It was produced by the independent studio Gotham Pictures. It was based on a 1906 short story of the same title by George Randolph Chester.
The plot revolves around Bruce Farney (a football player) and his attempts to woo Elsie Peyton in the face of competition from a rival, as well as becoming mixed up with an attractive manicurist Minette. Complications ensue when both Bruce and his rival are forced to quarantine together due to smallpox.

This article related to an American film of the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The North Carolina Pre-Flight Cloudbusters represented the U.S. Navy pre-flight school at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the college football seasons of 1942, 1943 and 1944 during World War II. The North Carolina Pre-Flight School was established on February 1, 1942, by the Secretary of the Navy and opened that April.[1] The football team was later organized and competed against other military teams in addition to major college teams of the period. During their three years in existence, the Cloudbusters compiled an overall record of sixteen wins, eight losses and three ties (16–8–3).[2]
North Carolina Pre-Flight was coached by one of Notre Dame's former "Four Horsemen" and Fordham head coach Jim Crowley in 1942 and went 8–2–1. The Cloudbusters were coached by former Baylor head coach Frank Kimbrough in 1943 and went 2–4–1. In 1944, they were led by Glenn Killinger and went 6–2–1. The Cloudbusters were also known for having both future College Football Hall of Fame inductees Johnny Vaught and Bear Bryant serve as assistant coaches in 1942 and 1944 respectively. Vaught went on to coach at Ole Miss, and while there won the 1960 national championship and compiled an overall record of 190 wins, 61 losses and 12 ties (190–61–12).[3] Bryant went on to coach at Maryland, Kentucky, Texas A&M and Alabama, and during his career won the 1961, 1964, 1965, 1973, 1978 and 1979 national championships and compiled an overall record of 323 wins, 85 losses and 17 ties (323–85–17).[4]
The 1942 Cloudbusters squad was led by former Fordham head coach Jim Crowley.[5] Members of Crowley's staff included: Charles R. Soleau as backs coach, Ed Sosky as ends coach, and George McGaughey, N. J. Pierce and Johnny Vaught as line coaches.[5] The squad finished the season with an overall record of eight wins, two losses and one tie (8–2–1).
After the Cloudbusters opened the season with a 13–2 victory over Catawba, they traveled to Boston and shutout Harvard, 13–0, before 7,000 fans.[6] After a tie against Georgia Pre-Flight and a victory against NC State, the Cloudbusters lost their first game of the season against Boston College 7–6.[7] Following their loss against the Eagles, they ran for 272 yards in a 34–0 victory over Temple before 20,000 fans in Philadelphia.[8] The Cloudbusters would then only allow seven points over the next four games leading to their season finale against Crowley's former school, Fordham. Before 24,500 fans at Yankee Stadium, the Cadets were upset 6–0 in a defensive struggle with the only points of the game coming on a Steve Filipowicz touchdown run in the first half.[9]
[15]
Games against both Colgate and Iowa Pre-Flight included in the original schedule were canceled by the end of the season.[5]
The 1943 Cloudbusters squad was led by former Baylor head coach Frank Kimbrough.[16] The squad finished the season with an overall record of two wins, four losses and one tie (2–4–1). The Cadets opened their 1943 season with a pair of shutout losses. The first was a 31–0 loss to Navy before 12,231 at Thompson Stadium in Annapolis, Maryland, and the second was a 42–0 loss to Duke in Durham.[17][18] The Cloudbusters rebounded with a victory over Camp Davis only to lose their next two contests. The squad then finished the season with a tie against Camp Lejeune and a 21–7 victory over NC State.[19]
In the final Litkenhous Ratings, North Carolina Pre-Flight ranked 79th among the nation's college and service teams with a rating of 73.9.[20]
[29]
The game against Virginia Tech at Victory Stadium in Roanoke, Virginia included in the original schedule was canceled by the end of the season.[16]
The 1944 Cloudbusters squad was led by head coach Glenn Killinger.[30] Members of Killinger's staff included: Glenn Presnell as backs coach, John Roning as ends coach, and Bear Bryant as line coach.[31] The squad finished the season with an overall record of six wins, two losses and one tie (6–2–1).
The cadets opened the season with a 27–14 victory over Cherry Point Marines, and the next week upset national championship favorite Navy before 10,000 fans at Annapolis, Maryland.[32][33] In the victory over the Midshipmen, Otto Graham threw a lateral pass to Frank Aschenbrenner who ran it 55-yards for the game-winning score.[33] The next week, the squad defeated Duke, 13–6, for a second consecutive upset.[34] As a result of these upsets, the Cloudbusters earned the No. 2 ranking in the first AP Poll of the 1944 season.[35]
After being held to a tie against Virginia, the Cloudbusters rebounded with a 3–0 victory over Georgia Pre-Flight after Buell St. John connected on a short field goal with only seven seconds remaining in the game.[36][37] After a victory over Jacksonville NAS, the cadets suffered their first loss of the season in a 49–20 loss against Bainbridge NTS.[38] The Cloudbusters responded the following week with a 33–18 victory over Georgia Pre-Flight, with Graham throwing for three touchdowns and running for one in the contest.[39] The cadets then finished the season with a loss against Camp Peary.
In the final Litkenhous Ratings, North Carolina Pre-Flight ranked 40th among the nation's college and service teams and seventh out of 28 United States Navy teams with a rating of 93.3.[40][41]
The 1945 Cloudbusters squad was to have been led by head coach Bear Bryant.[57][58] However, Bryant never served as the head coach at Carolina after the Navy dropped the football program there in August 1945.[57] Bryant took the head coaching position with Maryland, and 14 players he coached at the Pre-Flight School enrolled to play for him at Maryland after they were discharged from the service.[59]
The Constitution of the Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela (Spanish: Constitución de la República Bolivariana de Venezuela (CRBV)) is the current and twenty-sixth constitution of Venezuela.[1] It was drafted in mid-1999 by a constituent assembly that had been created by popular referendum. Adopted in December 1999, it replaced the 1961 Constitution, the longest-serving in Venezuelan history.[2] It was primarily promoted by then President of Venezuela Hugo Chávez and thereafter received strong backing from diverse sectors, including figures involved in promulgating the 1961 constitution such as Luis Miquilena and Carlos Andrés Pérez. Chávez and his followers (chavistas) refer to the 1999 document as the "Constitución Bolivariana" (the "Bolivarian Constitution") because they assert that it is ideologically descended from the thinking and political philosophy of Simón Bolívar and Bolivarianism.
The Constitution of 1999 was the first constitution approved by popular referendum in Venezuelan history, and summarily inaugurated the so-called "Fifth Republic of Venezuela" due to the socioeconomic changes foretold in its pages, as well as the official change in Venezuela's name from the República de Venezuela ("Republic of Venezuela") to the República Bolivariana de Venezuela ("Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela"). Major changes are made to the structure of Venezuela's government and responsibilities, while a much greater number of human rights are enshrined in the document as guaranteed to all Venezuelans – including free education up to  tertiary level, free health care, access to a clean environment, right of minorities (especially indigenous peoples) to uphold their own traditional cultures, religions, and languages, among others. The 1999 Constitution, with 350 articles, is among the world's longest, most complicated, and most comprehensive constitutions.
One of the outstanding differences between Venezuelan and most of the other constitutions of the Americas is the lack of the possibility of impeachment of the president by the national parliament. Instead, the president can be removed from office either by citizens through a recall referendum or by decision of the Supreme Tribunal of Justice.[3]
President Hugo Chávez was first elected under the provisions of the 1961 Constitution in the presidential election of 6 December 1998. Chávez had been contemplating a constitutional convention for Venezuela as an ideal means to rapidly bring about sweeping and radical social change to Venezuela beginning from the eve of his 1992 coup attempt.
After his imprisonment and release, he began to seek a political career with such a convention as its political goal. In the buildup to the 1998 presidential elections, one of Chávez's promises was to organise a referendum asking the people if they wanted to convene a National Constituent Assembly. His very first decree as president was to order a referendum, which took place on 19 April. The electorate were asked two questions – whether a constituent assembly should be convened, and whether it should follow the mechanisms proposed by the president. 92% of voters approved calling a constituent assembly and 86% approved the electoral system suggested by Chávez.
Elections were then held, on 25 July, to elect 131 deputies to the Constituent Assembly, which convened and debated proposals during the remainder of 1999. Members of Chávez's MVR and allied parties formed the Polo Patriotico ("Patriotic Axis"). The alliance went on to win 121 of the 131 seats in the Constituent assembly.
Conflict soon arose between the Constituent assembly and the older institutions it was supposed to reform or replace. During his 1998 presidential campaign, and in advance of the 25 July elections to the Assembly, Chávez had maintained that the new body would immediately have precedence over the existing Congress and the courts, including the power to dissolve them if it so chose.[4]
Against this, some of his opponents, including notably the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, Cecilia Sosa Gomez, argued that the Constituent assembly must remain subordinate to the existing institutions until the constitution it produced had been ratified.[5]
In mid August 1999, the Constituent assembly moved to restructure the nation's judiciary, claiming the power to fire judges, seeking to expedite the investigations of corruption outstanding against what The New York Times estimated were nearly half of the nation's 4700 judges, clerks, and bailiffs.[6]
On 23 August, the Supreme Court voted 8–6 that the Assembly was not acting unconstitutionally in assuming those powers; however, the next day Cecilia Sosa Gomez resigned in protest. Over 190 judges were eventually suspended on charges of corruption.
On 25 August, the Constituent assembly declared a "legislative emergency," voting to limit the Congress's work to matters such as supervising the budget and communications. In response, the Congress, which in July had decided to go into recess until October to avoid conflict with the Constituent assembly, declared its recess over, effective 27 August.
At one point the Constituent assembly prohibited the Congress from holding meetings of any sort. However, on 10 September, the two bodies reached an agreement allowing for their "coexistence" until the new constitution took effect.[7]
Afterward, over the span of a mere 60 days in late 1999, the new and voter-approved Constituent assembly would frame and found a document that enshrined as constitutional law most of the structural changes Chávez desired. Chávez stated such changes were necessary in order to successfully and comprehensively enact his planned social justice programs. Sweeping changes in Venezuelan governmental structure were to be made; Chávez's plan was, stemming from his 1998 campaign pledges, thus to dramatically open up Venezuelan political discourse to independent and third parties by radically altering the national political context. In the process, Chávez sought to fatally paralyse his AD and COPEI opposition. All Chávez's aims were, in one move, dramatically furthered.
This new 1999 constitution was presented to the national electorate on 15 December 1999 and approved with a 72% "yes" vote (audited by the National Electoral Council). The new constitution then legally came into full effect the following 20 December.
The text of the constitution is a hybrid of jurisprudential and political norms drawn from sources as wide as Simón Bolívar's writings on constitutionality and popular sovereignty, José Martí, the Peruvian Marxist José Carlos Mariátegui, and Evgeny Pashukanis. While it retains a strong liberal-democratic base, it introduces elements of direct democracy such as elements of popular sovereignty ( consultative or recall referendums), social responsibilities, right to rebel against the violation of the constitutional system (articles 333 and 350) and the independence of the republic from foreign domination. Besides these elements, separation of powers (albeit with two new branches of government) and rights of property, expression and strike were mainly kept the same as on the previous constitution.
The Constituent assembly itself drafted the new 1999 Venezuelan constitution. With 350 articles, the document was, as drafted, one of the world's lengthiest constitutions.
Despite the initial reluctance of the constituent assembly's deputies, it changed the country's official name from the "Republic of Venezuela" to the "Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela".[citation needed]
Significant changes were made to the separation of powers. Instead of the usual three branches of government, the new Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela has five (Article 136):[8]
The electoral branch is headed by the National Electoral Council (CNE) and is responsible for the independent oversight of all elections in the country, municipal, state, and federal. The citizens' branch is constituted by the (defensor del pueblo) (ombudsman or "defender of the people"), the Chief Public Prosecutor (fiscal general), and the comptroller general (contralor general). It is responsible for representing and defending the citizens in their dealings with powers of the Venezuelan state. The legislative branch was changed from a bicameral system to a unicameral system.
It also increased the presidential term of office from five to six years, subject to a limit of two terms. The document also introduced provisions for national presidential recall referendums – that is, Venezuelan voters now were to be given the right to remove their president from office before the expiration of the presidential term. Such referendums were to be activated upon provision of petitions with a valid number of signatures. The new provision was activated for the first time when such a referendum was held in 2004, but it failed to receive majority support. See 2004 Venezuelan recall referendum. The Presidency was also strengthened, aside from being the Chief Executive, head of state and head of government, with the power to dissolve the National Assembly under certain conditions, and can issue decrees that has the force of law, upon authorization by the National Assembly.
In 2009, term limits (not only that for president) were abolished by a referendum.
And a post of vice-president was recreated to direct the day-to-day operations of the government and to exercise duties and powers that may delegated by the President as well as to act as the chief operating officer of government. He or she can be removed via impeachment by the National Assembly. The vice-president is also politically responsible to the National Assembly side by side with the ministers of Cabinet. Upon the vacancy of the office of the president upon death, recall, resignation or impeachment by the STJ, the vice president thus assumes the office and title of the presidency.
The new constitution also converted the formerly bicameral Congress into a unicameral legislature, and stripped it of many of its former powers. Thus, the new single-chamber National Assembly dropped the prior traditional arrangement of the bifurcation of legislative powers between a Chamber of Deputies and a Senate. In addition, the legislative branch's powers were substantially reduced and transferred to the President of Venezuela.
Provision was also made for a new position, the Public Defender (Defensoría del Pueblo), which was to be an ombudsman office with the authority to check the activities of the presidency, the National Assembly, and the constitution – Chávez styled such a defender as the guardian of the so-called 'moral branch' of the Venezuelan government, tasked with defending public and moral interests.
This is an idea derived from Bolivar's constitutionalism.
Lastly, the Venezuelan judiciary was reformed. Judges would, under the new constitution, be installed after passing public examinations and not, as in the old manner, be appointed by the National Assembly.
As Articles 83–85 under Title III of the 1999 Venezuelan Constitution enshrine free and quality healthcare as a human right guaranteed to all Venezuelan citizens,[9] the Hugo Chávez administration attempted to fulfill its constitutional obligations via the Barrio Adentro program. Notably, Article 84 under Title III mandate that the healthcare furnished through such public programmes as Barrio Adentro be publicly funded, and explicitly forbids privatization under any circumstance. The relevant text from the 1999 Bolivarian Constitution reads:[10]
Article 83: Health is a fundamental social right and the responsibility of the State, which shall guarantee it as part of the right to life. The State shall promote and develop policies oriented toward improving the quality of life, common welfare and access to services. All persons have the right to protection of health, as well as the duty to participate actively in the furtherance and protection of the same, and to comply with such health and hygiene measures as may be established by law, and in accordance with international conventions and treaties signed and ratified by the Republic.
Article 84: In order to guarantee the right to health, the State creates, exercises guidance over and administers a national public health system that crosses sector boundaries, and is decentralized and participatory in nature, integrated with the social security system and governed by the principles of gratuity, universality, completeness, fairness, social integration and solidarity. The public health system gives priority to promoting health and preventing disease, guaranteeing prompt treatment and quality rehabilitation. Public health assets and services are the property of the State and shall not be privatized. The organized community has the right and duty to participate in the making- of decisions concerning policy planning, implementation and control at public health institutions.
Article 85: Financing of the public health system is the responsibility of the State, which shall integrate the revenue resources, mandatory Social Security contributions and any other sources of financing provided for by law. The State guarantees a health budget such as to make possible the attainment of health policy objectives. In coordination with universities and research centers, a national professional and technical training policy and a national industry to produce health care supplies shall be promoted and developed. The State shall regulate both public and private health care institutions.
Article 308 of Title VI the Venezuelan constitution showed a changed view on businesses. This article sought to introduce support for alternative management of businesses. Mentioned in the article are cooperatives, family-owned businesses, small businesses and savings funds. The government supported these alternatives as a way to democratize capital and challenge oligopolistic control of the economy.[11]
Amendments proposed by President Chávez and parliament were twice decided in referendums:
New Spain
American Confederation of Venezuela
Caudillismo
Andean Hegemony
Democratic period
Bolivarian Revolution
Venezuela had numerous constitutions in its history:
The Law was changed 23 times since 1811, the new Constitution is adopted, on average, every ten years. The most significant changes are those contained in the Fundamental Laws of 1811, 1830, 1864, 1936, 1947, 1961 and 1999.
Christiana Uduak Essien-Igbokwe, listenⓘ MFR (11 November 1960 – 30 June 2011) was a Nigerian musician and actress. Called "Nigeria's Lady of Songs," she was known for her songs "Seun Rere," "Tete Nu Na Ula," "Ife," "Hear the Call" and "Give Me a Chance." She was the first female president of the Performing Musicians Association of Nigeria (PMAN) and the chairperson and managing director of Soul Train Entertainment.
She sang in Igbo, Ibibio, Efik, Hausa, Yoruba, and English. Her native language is Ibibio.
Christy was born in Okat, Onna, Akwa Ibom State. Her mother died when she was 12; she then lived in Aba, Abia, with a friend of her mother, who encouraged her singing career and bought her a second-hand cassette player to record her songs.
Christy began her musical career in secondary school, singing at clubs such as Unikoko in Aba. She appeared as a regular on the NTA Aba variety shows Now Sound and Ukaonu's Club.[1] In 1976, she joined the cast of The New Masquerade as Akpenor, the wife of the cantankerous character Jegede Sokoya (Claude Eke). She released her debut album (Freedom) the following year. Essien's most successful album was 1981's Ever Liked My Person? (produced by Lemmy Jackson).
Christy is known for her feminist activism, as she appeared in early Nollywood films such as Flesh and Blood (co-starring with Richard Mofe-Damijo, Ameze Imarhiagbe, and Ekpeyong Bassey Inyang; directed by Chico Ejiro) and Scars of Womanhood (co-starring Kate Henshaw, Sam Loco Efe, Justus Esiri, and Francis Duru), both of which addressed child abuse and female circumcision.[2]
Essien initiated the first meeting, which formed the Performing Musicians Association of Nigeria (PMAN) in 1981. The association was founded a year later, with King Sunny Adé as president, Sonny Okosun as vice-president, and Essien as treasurer. From 1996 to 1999, she was the PMAN's first female president.[2] Essien has appeared in many national and international shows, and she has composed and performed Akwa Ibom State's informal anthem, "Akwa Ibom Mmi (My Akwa Ibom)", in 1987.[2] Christy Essien Igbokwe released 10 albums between 1977 and 1992, with the eleventh still unreleased after her death until in 2013.
In her later years, she performed with her second son, Chinwuba Kenechukwu Kaka, at the January 2009 Inspire Africa benefit concert and participated in the MTN Musical Festival later that year. Chinwuba Kenechukwu Kaka is a hip-hop artist and producer and the father of her granddaughter Christiana Chizaramekpeleamaka Ijeoma. Essien's album, Ever Liked My Person? was certified platinum in Nigeria.[3] A biography titled "The will of God" was produced and sponsored by Exxon Mobil in the 90s to show her life and career so far at the time. Her granddaughter remixes the song "Seun Rere".[4]
Essien-Igbokwe died of gastrointestinal disease on 30 June 2011 at age 50 at Lagos State University Teaching Hospital. Former Lagos State Governor Babatunde Fashola, Onyeka Owenu, Bisi Olatilo (Veteran Broadcaster), Soni Irabor, Oritz Wiliki, Remi Tinubu, Goodluck Ebele Jonathan, Aliko Dangote, and Victor Uwaifo, attended her funeral amongst others.[5][6][7] To celebrate the remembrance of the late music icon on 30 June 2020, the granddaughter of Christy Essien Igbokwe "Christiana Chizaramekpeleamaka Ijeoma" covered "You're Welcome" from Disney's "Moana".[8][9]The American Journal of Comparative Law (AJCL) (ISSN 0002-919X) is a quarterly, peer-reviewed law journal devoted to comparative and transnational legal studies—including, among other subjects, comparative law, comparative and transnational legal history and theory, private international law and conflict of laws, and the study of legal systems, cultures, and traditions other than those of the United States.[1] In its long and rich history, the AJCL has published articles authored by scholars representing all continents, regions, and legal cultures of the world.[1] It is published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the American Society of Comparative Law.[2] As of 2014, it is co-hosted and administered by the Institute of Comparative Law (McGill University) and the Georgetown University Law Center.[3] It has been hosted in the past by institutions such as University of California, Berkeley  School of Law, Columbia Law School, and the University of Michigan Law School.[1] The current Editors-in-Chief are Georgetown University Law Center’s Franz Werro, and McGill University's Helge Dedek.[4]
Since 2014, Helge Dedek (McGill University) and Franz Werro (Georgetown University) have served as the Editors-in-Chief of the AJCL. Former Editors-in-Chief include Hessel E. Yntema (1952–1966), B.J. George (1966–1968), Alfred F. Conard (1968–1970), John G. Fleming (1971–1987), Richard M. Buxbaum (1987–2003), George Bermann (2003–2006), James Gordley (2003–2008), Mathias W. Reimann (2003–2013), and James V. Feinerman (2014–2015).[5]
The Executive Editorial Board of the AJCL is made up of the following people:
Luisa Antoniolli, University of Trento Faculty of Law; Gary F. Bell, National University of Singapore Faculty of Law; Francesca Bignami, George Washington University Law School; Mauro Bussani, University of Trieste Law Department; Donald C. Clarke, George Washington University Law School; Dominique Custos, University of Caen Law School; Tom Ginsburg, University of Chicago Law School; Simone Glanert, University of Kent Law School; Hoi Kong, McGill University Faculty of Law; Máximo Langer, UCLA School of Law; Ralf Michaels, Duke University School of Law; Sherally Munshi, Georgetown University Law Center; Álvaro Santos, Georgetown University Law Center; Walter Stoffel, University of Fribourg Faculty of Law; and Symeon C. Symeonides, Willamette University College of Law.[5]
The Journal has two Book Review Editors: Richard Albert, Boston College Law School; and Paul R. Dubinsky, Wayne State University Law School.[5] Beginning January 1, 2019, Professor Dubinsky has stepped down from his position as Book Review Editor; he is replaced by Professor Joshua Karton of Queen's University, Faculty of Law.[6]
The 2019 Israeli Inter-University Committee Report, which "offers a global ranking of academic legal publications, covering more than 900 outlets, and using a four-tier categorization...based on a combined quantitative and qualitative methodology," placed the American Journal of Comparative Law in its highest tier (A*). Of the 908 journals evaluated, only 39 received an A* designation. "Peer-reviewed journals were ranked primarily on the basis of well-known databases that are used to assess peer-reviewed journals in many other
disciplines. The Committee relied on up-to-date data from the following databases: SCImago Journal Rankings (SJR), CiteScore, and Web of Science (JCR). For example, because the two highest categories (A* and A) comprise one fifth of ranked journals, one of the main criteria for including a peer-reviewed journal in these categories was it being classified as a first-quartile (Q1) journal in the leading databases (e.g., SJR or CiteScore). The strongest among Q1 journals were included in A*, and the weakest (roughly
5%) were considered for B."[7]
According to Thomas Reuters Journal Citation Reports, the AJCL's impact factor (IF) was 1.327 in 2016, and it was ranked 42nd of 147 journals in the Law category.[1] The AJCL saw a drop in its impact factor in 2017, falling to 110 of 147 journals, with an IF of 0.58.[8] According to the Washington and Lee University School of Law rankings, the Journal is ranked first in the comparative law category (out of thirty-six journals), with a combined score of 100 and an impact factor of 0.85.[9]
Asbury is an unincorporated community in Stokes County, North Carolina, United States.
Asbury is a rural community about 10 miles north of Pilot Mountain and 11 miles east of Mount Airy, 1.5 miles south of the Virginia border.

This article about a location in Stokes County, North Carolina is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Kathryn Rosenfield (born March 16, 1982)[1][2] is an American culture writer, columnist and novelist.
Beginning in 2004, Rosenfield worked in various communications jobs, including a publicist for Penguin Books, copywriter for the Brooklyn Public Library, and freelance writer for various magazines and corporate clients.[3][4] From 2010 to 2016, Rosenfield was a reporter for MTV News.[4][5]
Rosenfield writes for Reason and UnHerd.[6][7] As a journalist, she has covered a number of controversies in book publishing, including sensitivity readers,[8] the #ownvoices movement,[9] and social media backlash to the young adult fiction novel The Black Witch.[10]
In 2019, Rosenfield's book A Trick of Light was released, which she co-wrote with comic book writer Stan Lee.[5] In 2022, her book No One Will Miss Her (2021) was nominated for an Edgar Allan Poe Award for Best Novel.[11]
Rosenfield graduated from Coxsackie High School in 1999 and Drew University in 2003.[12][4][3] She now lives in Norwalk, Connecticut.[13]

This article about an American writer is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Zorin OS is a Linux distribution based on Ubuntu with both free and paid versions.[2] It uses a GNOME 3 and XFCE 4 desktop environment by default, although the desktop is heavily customized for users more familiar with Windows and macOS.[3][4]
Zorin OS is available in various free and paid versions[5] including versions using XFCE instead of GNOME for use with older computers.[6] Zorin OS follows the long-term releases of the main Ubuntu system and uses its own software repositories as well as Ubuntu's repositories. The desktop environment themes can resemble those of Microsoft Windows, macOS, or Ubuntu[7][8][9] and allow the interface to be familiar regardless of the previous system a user has come from.[10]
In January 2020, the developers announced plans to release Zorin Grid, which would be software for installing and maintaining Zorin OS within a network, aimed at companies and schools.[11][12] As of December 2024[update], the software is unreleased.[13]
The project was started in 2008 by co-founders Artyom and Kyrill Zorin. The company is based in Dublin, Ireland.[14]
Zorin OS was initially released on 1 July 2009. Since version 16.3, the system's upgrade tool can be used to upgrade existing installations; earlier versions required users to do a clean install. 17.2 is the most recent version.
Zorin OS has been noted as having intuitive and familiar layouts, functionality, and installation process;[20][21][22] as well as for making it easy to use a Windows-similar layout.[21][23]
52°35′21″N 0°20′25″E﻿ / ﻿52.589167°N 0.340278°E﻿ / 52.589167; 0.340278
Well Creek is a waterway in Norfolk, England that is a tributary to the River Great Ouse.[1] Rising from the River Nene, the waterway in its current alignment dates to the 12th century;[2] it flows through the villages of Upwell, Outwell, Nordelph and ends at the hamlet of Salters Lode.[3] It is actively maintained by the Well Creek Trust, which was formed on 23 March 1970 on a decision of the Norfolk County Council after plans were made to disband the waterway.[2] Alongside being a popular waterway for mooring, it is also used for fishing[4][5] and an annual raft race, where entrants build their own home-made rafts out of miscellaneous items and materials.[6]

This article related to  a river in England is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Captain Lord George Graham (26 September 1715 – 2 January 1747) was a Scottish officer of the Royal Navy who saw service during the War of the Austrian Succession. He embarked on a political career, and was a Member of Parliament.
Graham was born into the nobility, the younger son of a duke, and embarked on a naval career early in his life. Rising through the ranks, he was given his first commands early in the War of the Austrian Succession, and served in the Mediterranean and in escorting convoys. He entered parliament through the influence of his father, and represented the Scottish constituency of Stirlingshire from 1741 until his death. He was a Whig and a political supporter of the Duke of Argyll.
Turning down the command of a ship of the line in favour of a frigate, Graham won renown for a victory over several powerful privateers and their prizes. Rewarded with a larger ship, he also commissioned a painting from William Hogarth to commemorate the event, Captain Lord George Graham in his Cabin. He continued in the navy, intercepting privateers and enemy ships, but was struck down with a severe illness, and despite moving ashore, died in 1747.
Lord George Graham was born on 26 September 1715, the son of James Graham, 1st Duke of Montrose, and his wife Christian, the daughter of David Carnegie, 3rd Earl of Northesk.[a][1][2][3] He entered the navy at an early age and served at first as a midshipman from 1730, and was promoted to lieutenant in 1734.[2] He was given a command in 1739, when he was appointed to the fireship HMS Mercury and sent out to the Mediterranean to join Sir Nicholas Haddock's fleet.[4] He held the command until 15 March 1740, when he was promoted to captain.[5][b] He was appointed to command the 40-gun HMS Lark in 1741 with orders to escort a convoy of merchants bound for Turkey.[5] He does not appear to have held the command long, for by late 1741 Lark was under the command of Captain Rupert Waring, escorting a convoy to the West Indies.[6]
Graham combined his naval career with a political one, and using the influence of his father, was returned for Stirlingshire as an opposition Whig in 1741. He was one of a number of Scottish MPs who gathered together under John Campbell, 2nd Duke of Argyll to oppose the administration, and were known as the Duke of Argyll's gang. As part of this faction Graham voted against the administration in 1742 and 1744.[2] He also spoke out against the decision to court-martial Admiral Thomas Mathews in the spring of 1745, defending him in a vigorous debate over his actions at the inconclusive Battle of Toulon.[2]
Graham was appointed to command the 60-gun HMS Cumberland in 1745, but turned it down, preferring an active cruising frigate to a ship of the line. He was instead offered the 24-gun HMS Bridgewater and cruised in the English Channel.[7] While cruising in the Channel off Ostend on 2 July, in company with the 24-gun HMS Sheerness under Captain William Gordon, and the armed vessel Ursula under Lieutenant Fergusson, he came across three large privateers from Dunkirk, sailing in company with their prizes.[8] The French privateers were the 28-gun Royal, 26-gun Duchesse de Penthierre, and a 12-gun dogger.[7] They had taken seven prizes, and were taking them into Dunkirk. The British force attacked them early in the morning of 3 July. After a fierce fight lasting until 4.am, four of the prizes surrendered to the Sheerness, the Royal and Duchesse de Penthierre struck their colours to the Bridgewater, and the Ursula captured the remaining three prizes. The dogger managed to escape.[8]
For his success in the engagement, Graham was commended to the First Lord of the Admiralty, John Russell, 4th Duke of Bedford, and was given command of a larger ship, the 60-gun HMS Nottingham.[2][8]
Shortly after the engagement Graham commissioned William Hogarth to paint as a conversation picture a cabin portrait to celebrate his victory, probably using the cabin of the Nottingham as a setting.[9][10] Hogarth painted Graham smoking his pipe in his cabin before dinner, while listening to pipe and tabor music played by his black servant, while his chaplain and clerk sing. Two dogs are visible, one is Graham's own, which joins in the singing. The other is Trump, Hogarth's dog, which is shown wearing Graham's wig, holding a scroll, and reading from a sheet of music propped against a wine glass.[9][10] A steward, holding a plate of fowl, looks out of the painting at the viewer with a smile, and drops gravy down the back of the chaplain's neck.[9][11] The painting has several political and social allusions in Hogarth's satirical style. Cabin scenes in oil are rare, and Hogarth's is considered by the current owner, the National Maritime Museum, to be the most famous in British art.[9]
The Nottingham was attached to the fleet in the Downs under Admiral Edward Vernon that winter, and cruised with a squadron in the Bay of Biscay the following year. Some of Graham's later actions included the capture of the privateer Hermine on 29 September 1746, and the sinking of the privateer Bacchus.[2][12][13] He was deployed off the north of Scotland in April 1746 to intercept any French vessels that might attempt to rescue survivors of the failed Jacobite rising, and so missed the political debates in parliament that month, though he was classed as a "new ally".[2]
Graham appears to have been taken ill during his time at sea, and he went ashore at Bristol. His brother, William Graham, 2nd Duke of Montrose came to meet him there in October, but Lord George Graham's health declined further, and he died at Bath on 2 January 1747.[2][12] John Charnock concluded his biography of Graham with the observation that "from a multitude of concurrent testimonies he appears to have been an officer that attained a great share of popularity, and was indeed, very deservedly, the idol of all seamen who knew him, as well on the account of the high opinion entertained of his gallantry, of an invincible fund of good humour, which latter quality conciliated the affections of men in the same degree that the first related excited their admiration and esteem."[12] His group portrait by Hogarth survived him, and is now held in the collections of the National Maritime Museum.[9]
a. ^  It has been difficult to determine which son he was. The Dictionary of National Biography and John Charnock's Biographia Navalis state he was the fourth son, while Sedgwick's The History of Parliament instead has him as the seventh. A number of other sons appear to have died in infancy, and Lord George was one of the few to reach adulthood.[1][2][3]
b. ^  Some sources, such as Charnock's Biographia Navalis and John Knox Laughton in the Dictionary of National Biography have the promotion accompanied by an appointment to command the 40-gun HMS Adventure on the Newfoundland station as Commodore-Governor.[1][2][5] Winfield's British Warships in the Age of Sail considers the appointment to Adventure "unlikely", noting that by 1740 Adventure was a hulk.[6] The website of Government House, Newfoundland and Labrador, dismisses the claim that Graham was governor, noting that there is "no evidence to support this appointment", and that the governor in 1740 was Henry Medley.[14]
Odate–Noshiro Airport (大館能代空港, Odate-Noshiro Kūkō) (IATA: ONJ, ICAO: RJSR) is an airport in Kitaakita, Akita Prefecture, Japan and is 15.4 km (9.6 mi) west of Ōdate, at 84 m (276 ft) above sea level. It is also informally known as Akita North Airport (あきた北空港 Akita Kita Kūkō).[2]
Efforts to build an airport in northern Akita Prefecture began in the late 1980s. The airport site was decided in April 1989, and construction began in 1994.[3]
Odate–Noshiro Airport opened on 18 July 1998, with Air Nippon services to Tokyo Haneda Airport and Osaka Itami Airport, and seasonal service to Sapporo New Chitose Airport.[3] Services to Sapporo were discontinued in November 1999, and services to Osaka were suspended from May 2010.  From January 2011, charter flight operations began to Taiwan's Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport.
The airport is located in northern Akita Prefecture, primarily serving the city of Noshiro and the surrounding region, which includes tourist destinations such as Shirakami-Sanchi, Lake Towada, and Towada-Hachimantai National Park. The airport terminal building makes extensive use of the local Akita cedar wood. However, the low local population density and competition from the Akita Shinkansen and its proximity to the nearby Aomori Airport have limited profitable airline operations.
The airport has a single, three-story terminal building with one boarding gate.[4] The unsecured part of the terminal building also functions as a roadside station, a government-designated rest area along Akita Prefecture Route 324.[5]
Scheduled ground transportation is provided by Shuhoku Bus Group, which operates two daily "limousine bus" services to hotels in Odate City.[6] Taxi and rental car service is also available.
Hugh Fraser Ayson CMG (16 November 1884 – 1 February 1948) was a New Zealand lawyer, judge, and public administrator. He was Resident Commissioner of the Cook Islands for two spells between 1923 and 1943.
Ayson was born in Toiro, near Balclutha in South Otago, New Zealand on 16 November 1884.[1] He was educated in Wairarapa, before attending Victoria University College.[2] He started work as a lawyer in 1905, becoming a partner in Bunny and Ayson.[2]
In 1916, Ayson was appointed a judge in the Native Land Court and the High Court of the Cook Islands at Rarotonga, also serving as Deputy Resident Commissioner to the islands.[3] In 1918 he returned to New Zealand to become a judge in the Native Land Court in Rotorua.[2]
Ayson then returned to the Cook Islands to become Resident Commissioner of the Cook Islands from 1923 to 1937. He was succeeded by Stephen Smith, but returned to replace Smith the following year, going on to serve until 1943.
Ayson was appointed a Companion of the Order of St Michael and St George (CMG) in the 1929 New Year Honours,[2] and in 1935 he was awarded the King George V Silver Jubilee Medal.[4]

This New Zealand law-related biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Colin King-Ansell (born 1947) is a prominent figure in far-right politics in New Zealand. He has been described as "New Zealand’s most notorious Nazi proponent and Holocaust denier".[1]
In December 1967 King-Ansell received an 18-month prison sentence for damage to a synagogue, and was released in January 1969.[2][3][4] He subsequently described himself as anti-Jew rather than National Socialist at that time, but shortly after founded the National Socialist Party of New Zealand in June 1969.[5] In 2006 he declared that he had renounced Nazism in 1981, but was involved with the neo-nazi Unit 88 after that.[6]
King-Ansell first achieved national New Zealand notice in 1970 following an interview in the Salient magazine and a subsequent appearance on a television current affairs programme.[7] He stood for the National Socialists in the general elections of 1972 and 1975 he contested the Eden electorate and in 1978 he contested the seat of Onehunga.[8] In 1978 he was fined $400 following an appeal against a three-month prison sentence[9] for breaching the Race Relations Act from his involvement in printing and distributing a flyer that was deemed to be antisemitic.[10]
The National Socialist Party of New Zealand disbanded in 1980.[11] By 1978, King-Ansell was leading an organisation called the National Socialist White People's Party, affiliated with George Lincoln Rockwell's American party of the same name. In March 1997 he founded the New Zealand Fascist Union.[12] He is the former chairman of the New Zealand National Front.[13]
In 2006, King-Ansell became president of a local business association, Progress Hawera, but was expelled when his far-right past was exposed.[6] His business was reportedly burgled and set on fire in 2019.[6][14]
This New Zealand biographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The slender-billed curlew (Numenius tenuirostris) is an extinct species of curlew native to Eurasia and North Africa. Isotope analysis suggests the majority of the former population bred in the Kazakh Steppe despite a record from the Siberian swamps, and was migratory, formerly wintering in shallow freshwater habitats around the Mediterranean. This species has occurred as a vagrant in western Europe, the Canary Islands, the Azores, Oman, Canada, and Japan.
In November 2024, the species was declared globally extinct, with the last irrefutable sighting of the slender-billed curlew identified from Morocco in February 1995.[3] As of December 2024, its status on the IUCN Red List has not been updated, remaining as critically endangered.[1]
The slender-billed curlew was a small curlew, 36–41 cm (14–16 in) in length with a 77–88 cm (30–35 in) wingspan. It was therefore about the same size as a Eurasian whimbrel, but was more like the Eurasian curlew in plumage. The breeding adult was mainly greyish brown above, with a whitish rump and lower back. The underparts were whitish, heavily streaked with dark brown. The flanks had round or heart-shaped spots. The non-breeding plumage was similar, but with fewer flank spots. Male and females were alike in plumage, but females were longer-billed than males, an adaptation in curlew species that eliminates direct competition for food between the sexes. The juvenile plumage was very similar to the adult, but the flank were marked with brown streaking, the heart-shaped spots only appearing toward the end of the first winter.
Compared to the Eurasian curlew, the slender-billed curlew was whiter on the breast, tail, and underwing, and the bill is shorter, more slender, and slightly straighter at the base. The arrowhead-shaped flank spots of the Eurasian curlew also are different from the round or heart-shaped spots of the adults slender-billed. The head pattern, with a dark cap and whitish supercilium, recalls that of the whimbrel, but that species also has a central crown stripe and a more clearly marked pattern overall; the pattern of the slender-billed curlew would be hard to make out in the field.
This species shows more white than other curlews; however, the white underwing has been stressed too much as a relevant identification criteria along with the distinctive flank markings of adults (not helpful in juvenile and 1st year bird before post-juvenile moult). The most recent and most updated identification's paper, reports as clinching characters the uniformly dark underside of 4 to 6 outer primaries (the wing-tip or "hand"), the black (adults) or anyway darker (juvenile and 1st y bird) legs, and the white tail with fewer dark bars.[4]
The call was a cour-lee, similar to that of the Eurasian curlew, but higher-pitched, more melodic, and shorter. The alarm call is a fast cu-ee.
The only confirmed breeding records of the slender-billed curlew were a small region of raised bogs north of Omsk, Russia in a period between 1909 and 1925. Isotopic analysis suggests that main breeding range of the species was in a narrow belt in Kazakhstan centered around the 50th parallel north. This area is predominantly steppe, with some areas of forest steppe.[5]
In recent history, it mostly migrated to the Mediterranean as well as southern Arabia, with claims in the northern reaches of the Persian gulf, in Kuwait and Iraq.[6] There have been historical records of the bird elsewhere, as in an ornithological dictionary of Gibraltar, written in 1895, it indirectly states that the slender-billed curlew was recorded as a passage migrant in Malaga, Spain.[7]
Little is known about the breeding biology, but on average the few nests observed had four eggs.
Slender-billed curlews fed by using their bills to probe soft mud for small invertebrates, but also picked other small items off the surface when the opportunity arose. It used to be highly gregarious outside the breeding season, associating with related species, particularly Eurasian curlews.
After a long period of steady decline, the slender-billed curlew became extremely rare by the late 20th century, then thought to be fewer than 50 adult birds, with the last verified sighting from Morocco in 1995.[3]
The last well-documented nest was found in 1924, near Tara in Omsk oblast, Siberia (57°N 74°E﻿ / ﻿57°N 74°E﻿ / 57; 74).[8]
Its nesting grounds since then remain unknown, despite several intensive searches (not surprising, with more than 100,000 square kilometres to search). The extent of its decline also is reflected in the absence of wintering birds at previously regular Moroccan sites.
The causes of the decline of the species are uncertain, both hunting and habitat loss have been proposed as causes. There are records of hunting of the bird as late as the 1980s in the Merja Zerga wetlands in Morocco, one of the last wintering grounds of the species. As the bird became rarer, this may have exacerbated pressure on hunting of the bird to obtain skins.[3] Specimens were reportedly common in markets in Italy and other areas of Southern Europe, having been shot during their migration.[9] The predicted breeding habitat of the bird in the Kazakh steppes was extensively transformed into wheat-growing farmland as part of the Soviet Virgin Lands campaign during the 1950s, which resulted in the decline of many bird species native to the area, and probably also affected the slender-billed curlew, though the population decline for the species appears to have begun decades before the farming campaign.[5] Habitat conversion into farmland in the broader region had been ongoing since the 19th century. Wetland habitat in the wintering areas like Morocco and Hungary had also been altered into farmlands since the 19th century, probably also contributing to the decline.[3]
More recently, 20 birds were recorded in Italy in 1995, but this most unbelievable record is now confirmed to be referred to Numenius arquata orientalis as both photographs and sound recordings shown (Kirwan et al., 2015). There was a potential record of an immature (one year old) at Druridge Pools in Northumberland, England, on 4–7 May 1998, for details of which see the Druridge Bay curlew. The bird was initially accepted onto the British List[10] but was removed in 2013 following a review of the identification.[11]
Slender-billed curlews have been reported in various Western Palearctic locations on a number of occasions since the Druridge bird, including claimed, but unverified, sightings of single birds from Italy and Greece; none have been documented with conclusive photographs and at least one claimed bird, at RSPB Minsmere, Suffolk, England, in 2004, is now widely believed to have been a Eurasian curlew.
Further sourced reports of the species were published in 2007, in British Birds magazine;[12] the article stated, quoting from Zhmud:[13]
During the last few years, small groups of birds have been found in the northern coastal areas [of the Danube Delta], frequenting low-lying islands, bays, and sand-spits covered with Common Glasswort Salicornia europaea [...] Four birds were present from 25 July to 21 August 2003, six were seen on 11 August 2004, and another on 12 August 2004.
A sighting of a single bird was reported from Albania in 2006 by a team including ornithologists from the environmental organization EuroNatur.
The species was officially declared extinct in 2024, though the IUCN listing has yet to be updated. This study did not consider any later sightings after the last confirmed sighting in 1995 in Morocco to be credible.[3]
The Fugitive (Chinese: 亡命徒) is a 1972 Hong Kong film.[1]  Siu and Ma are two bandits who ride from town to town robbing banks and killing anyone who tries to stop them. When a hold up goes wrong, Siu is caught, and soon realizes that Ma has kept the money and isn't coming to rescue him.

This article related to a Hong Kong film of the 1970s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a 1970s action film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Mark Richard Cousins (born 9 January 1987) is an English footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for National League club Ebbsfleet United.
Cousins, born in Chelmsford, Essex,[1] is a product of the Colchester United Academy.[2] He signed for Colchester during his final year of school after being released by Fulham. Youth team coach Micky Cook expressed uncertainty over whether to sign Cousins but asked for him to attend pre-season for assessment. Putting in an impressive performance featuring in a friendly for Barnet, Cook promptly signed Cousins on a scholarship.[3]
First featuring on the bench for Colchester in their 2–1 away defeat to Walsall in October 2004,[4] Cousins would later join Whitton United on work experience in October 2005 prior to making his U's debut.[5] He had additional work experience loan spells with non-league sides Staines Town, Enfield Town[6] and Yeading, where he made three appearances.[7] While on loan with Yeading, Cousins faced Nottingham Forest in the FA Cup first round, with 80 league places separating the two sides.[8] The game finished 5–0 to Forest.[9]
Cousins had to wait until the beginning of the 2007–08 season to get his first taste of first-team action with Colchester. He was brought on as a substitute for striker Kevin Lisbie after goalkeeper Dean Gerken was sent off for bringing down Kayode Odejayi in the penalty area during Colchester's 2–2 draw with Barnsley on 18 August 2007. His first task was to save the ensuing penalty, but Brian Howard slotted the penalty away. He conceded another goal later in the game, once again scored by Howard from the penalty spot.[10] He made just one further appearance in the 2007–08 season, replacing the injured Gerken late on in a 1–1 away draw with Bristol City on 12 January 2008.[11][12]
Cousins started in three Football League Trophy games for Colchester during the 2008–09 season[13] and played in their 1–0 home defeat to Leyton Orient in the FA Cup on 8 November 2008.[14] Cousins finally received his chance with regular first-team football with the arrival of new manager Paul Lambert in October 2008,[2] as he finished the season with 13 appearances in all competitions, featuring in an eight-game run in March and April 2009.[13] Following some impressive performances, Cousins was rewarded with a new two-year contract in May 2009.[15]
Having not played a league game for the entire 2009–10 season,[16] Cousins earned his first extended run in the first team since the end of the 2008–09 season following an injury to first choice goalkeeper Ben Williams. He kept goal for the first ten games of the season, a run in which Colchester were undefeated,[17] as he then was selected in The Football League's League One Team of the Week on 20 September 2010.[18] Cousins ended the season with 16 appearances in all competitions to his name, more than his combined total from the previous three seasons.
On 27 May 2011, Cousins agreed a new two-year deal with the club, competing with Ben Williams and Carl Pentney for the 2011–12 season.[19] During the 2011–12 pre-season, a friendly match between local rivals Colchester United and Ipswich Town was abandoned when U's midfielder Andy Bond suffered a serious head injury in a collision with Cousins, leaving Bond with concussion.[20] Having started Colchester's first nine league games of the season, Cousins spent much of it as a back-up keeper who travelled to pomes but never made the substitutes bench. However, following Ben Williams' rejection of a new contract in July 2012 and his subsequent exit, Cousins was given the number 1 shirt ahead of the 2012–13 season.[21]
After eight years around the first team waiting for the opportunity, Cousins was first-choice keeper at Colchester United. He made his first appearance in the number 1 shirt on 14 August 2012 as Colchester fell to a 3–0 League Cup defeat to Yeovil Town.[22] After making 26 appearances for Colchester and with the club struggling at the lower end of League One, Cousins was gradually pushed out of the first-team picture, firstly by John Sullivan in November 2012, signed on loan from Charlton Athletic, and then by Sam Walker in January 2013, signed on loan from Chelsea. However, he was offered a fresh contract in May 2013,[23] He signed on a one-year deal with the option of a further year on 14 June.[24]
For the 2013–14 season, Colchester re-signed Sam Walker on loan from Chelsea on 19 July 2013 having been influential in helping the U's avoid relegation to League Two.[25] Following the expiry of Walker's loan, Colchester signed him on a permanent basis on 20 January 2014, further keeping Cousins out of first-team action.[26]
In June 2014, he signed for Football League Two side Dagenham & Redbridge on a two-year deal after rejecting a new contract offer from Colchester.[27] At the end of the 2014/15 season Cousins was named runner up in player of the year awards. In June 2016 Cousins signed a new two contract after the club was relegated to the National League. During the 2016/17 season Cousins was mainly a substitute but did play in the end of season play-offs after getting back in the team. Cousins started the 2017–18 season as number one ahead of Elliot Justham. On 25 May 2018 it was announced that he would leave the club at the end of the season due to the expiration of his contract.[28]
Cousins joined Barnet on a two-year deal in June 2018.[29] He played 53 games for the Bees in the 2018–19 season, keeping 20 clean sheets. On 3 June 2019, Cousins joined Bromley for an undisclosed fee.[30] He suffered a severe injury in the opening minute of Bromley's 3–1 defeat to Yeovil Town on 28 September, and made his return to action on 8 February 2020 in a 2–2 draw with Solihull Moors.
On 24 June 2022, Cousins signed for National League South club Ebbsfleet United.[31]
On 23 December 2023, Cousins scored his first professional goal in a National League match against York City, a stoppage time equaliser to level the match, it finished 1–1.[32]
Bromley
Ebbsfleet United
https://www.soccerbase.com/players/player.sd?player_id=39799&season_id=153La Gallinola is among the highest peaks of the Matese, the highest mountain in Campania.
The environment is karst, with persistent grass and without large trees, as expected on the summit of a carbonate massif.
Located on the Apennines ridge between Campania and Molise, from the top it can be enjoyed at a wide panorama that, on clear days, sweeps between the Tyrrhenian and Adriatic Seas.

This Campanian location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a mountain, mountain range, or peak located in Italy is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Antaeotricha isomeris is a moth of the family Depressariidae. It is found in Brazil (Minas Gerais).[1]
The wingspan is about 19 mm. The forewings are shining white with the dorsal half brownish irregularly sprinkled with dark fuscous, with a median dorsal spot of dark fuscous suffusion, the discal stigmata forming dark fuscous dots on the upper edge of the dividing line. There are some dark fuscous dots around the apex and termen. The hindwings are pale whitish-ochreous.[2]

This article on a moth of the genus Antaeotricha is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Toronto Harbour Commission Building is a six-storey building erected in 1917 in Toronto by Alfred Chapman and McGiffin (Clare V. McGiffin and Robert B. McGiffin) for the joint municipal-federal agency Toronto Harbour Commission. The building exterior consists of Indiana and Queenston limestone. It was also used by its successor agency PortsToronto, a federal agency formerly known as the Toronto Port Authority. The lower floor is home to Harbour Sixty Steakhouse.
Formerly sitting on the waterfront, infill over the years has left the building on dry land, and civic expansion has left it dwarfed by nearby buildings.
Since 1953, the building has been rumoured to be haunted by the ghost of Thomas Cates, its former janitor, who died of natural causes while working his night shift. He is most often seen in glimpses in the north-western stairwell, where he will be sweeping or mopping the floor.[citation needed]
The building was sold by PortsToronto in 2017 for CA$96 million to developer Oxford Properties.[1] It is to be part of a commercial office development named The Hub.[2]  It was originally built at a cost of $247,000.[3]
43°38′31″N 79°22′42″W﻿ / ﻿43.642027°N 79.378442°W﻿ / 43.642027; -79.378442
The Dighton Wharves Historic District is a historic district at 2298-2328 Pleasant Street in Dighton, Massachusetts.  It encompasses an area that was in the 18th and 19th centuries a port facility on the Taunton River for the town, including three 18th-century wharves and four houses of early to mid 18th-century construction.[2]  The district was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1997.[1]
The town of Dighton, located on the west bank of the Taunton River in central Bristol County, Massachusetts, was settled by European colonists in the 1670s and incorporated as a town in 1712. It became significant as a maritime shipping endpoint in the 18th century because seagoing vessels were unable to navigate further up the river. As a result, shipyards and wharves were built in several places on the banks of the river. This district is located in the south-central part of the town's waterfront, just south of Muddy Cove, where there was also at one time a ferry service across the river. The area declined in importance as a shipping center due to the ascendancy of Fall River as a deep-water shipping destination.[2]
The district runs along Pleasant Street, which runs close to the river, and includes four houses on the west side of the road, and three wharves that jut into the river.  At the southern end of the district stand the house and wharf of Darius Perry, a ship's captain who sailed to the West Indies. His house, built about 1720, is a 1-1/2 story Cape that has repeatedly been enlarged and extended over the following centuries, but its basic form is still recognizable and its interior has been preserved. His wharf is about 30 feet (9.1 m) wide and a similar length, and was hand-built out of dry-laid stone, as were the other two wharves.[2]
North of Perry's house stands the Eddy House (2320 Pleasant Street), a 3-story Georgian style house, which was built about 1730 and given extensive Italianate styling about 1870. This house, along with the two remaining houses, were all built by Elkanah Andrews, another West Indies merchant who built one for himself and the others for two sons. It was acquired by Darius Perry in 1825 for his daughter and son-in-law, Captain William Eddy. A guest house once stood on the premises from the 1870s to mid-1900s behind the Eddy House. The guest house fell into great disrepair in the early mid-1900s due to neglect and lack of use by the owners. In the late 1900s, the guest house was dismantled and transported to Brewster, where it now stands. In the early 1900s, the Eddys operated a function hall out of the guest house, along with a full farm with livestock in the large barn. People would arrive by train, trolley, ferry, or stagecoach to visit the Eddy House and its estate. As all three houses were built by a ship’s captain, many shipbuilding techniques of the time were employed in the construction of the houses. Large wooden pegs took the place of steel bolts, as the house was, in essence, constructed as a ship. The Eddy House sits at the highest part of the district, preserving over 240 years of history.[2]
The next house was Andrews' own house (2308 Pleasant Street), which was built about 1740, and is an imposing 2-1/2 story structure.  It was restyled about 1830 with an elaborate Greek Revival treatment. Andrews was probably responsible for the construction of the Spooner Wharf, which stands opposite this house, and the Andrews Wharf to its south. The Andrews Wharf is similar to that of Perry, while the Spooner Wharf is the longest of the three, at 70 feet (21 m).  Andrews' house was purchased in 1803 by Captain James Spooner, a wealthy Rhode Island ship's captain.[2]
At the northern end of the district stands the "Old Customs House", built by Andrews for his son Thomas about 1770.  Between 1809 and 1834 it was owned by members of the Williams family, who acted as local customs collectors, and had one of the house's rear rooms outfitted as a small customs office.
In 1765, shortly after the renewal of the Molasses Act, the Dighton wharves were the site of the "Molasses Affair," a protest of British taxes on molasses similar to the more famous Boston Tea Party.[2] A local ship reported a cargo of 63 casks of molasses to the British custom officials, but the ship actually contained twice that number.[2] The customs official ordered the ship's cargo impounded while he departed for Newport for assistance.[2] While he was gone, forty local men with blackened faces stole the cargo, ran the ship aground, and drilled holes in the hull to protest British tax policies.[2]Shah Abdul Latif railway station (Urdu: شاہ عبدالطیف ریلوے اسٹیشن, Sindhi: شاه عبداللطيف ريلوي اسٽيشن) is located in Karachi, Pakistan. Shah Abdul Latif railway station was established in 1984. It is located in the SITE area of Karachi, Pakistan, and is named after the famous Sindhi poet Shah Abdul Latif Bhittai. The station was built as part of the Karachi Circular Railway (KCR) project, which was launched in the 1964 to provide a fast and efficient public transportation system for the city. The KCR is a loop line that connects different parts of Karachi, and Shah Abdul Latif station is one of its major stops.
The station is used by thousands of commuters every day. It is also a popular spot for tourists, as it is located near the SITE industrial area, which is home to many major companies and factories.
In recent years, the Shah Abdul Latif railway station has been undergoing a major renovation. The station has been modernized and upgraded with new facilities, such as escalators, elevators, and air conditioning.
The renovation is expected to be completed in 2024, and once it is, the Shah Abdul Latif railway station will be one of the most modern and efficient railway stations in Pakistan.

This article about a railroad station in Sindh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Persoonia inconspicua is a species of flowering plant in the family Proteaceae and is endemic to the south-west of Western Australia. It is an erect, often spreading shrub with branchlets and leaves that are densely hairy when young, linear leaves and relatively small greenish yellow flowers usually borne singly or in pairs.
Persoonia inconspicua is an erect, often spreading shrub that typically grows to a height of 0.5–2.5 m (1 ft 8 in – 8 ft 2 in) with smooth bark and branchlets that are densely hairy for the first one or two years. The leaves are densely hairy when young, arranged alternately, linear, more or less cylindrical, 20–65 mm (0.79–2.56 in) long and 0.7–1.3 mm (0.028–0.051 in) wide and grooved on the lower surface. The flowers are usually borne singly or in pairs on a short rachis, each flower on a hairy pedicel 1–2.5 mm (0.039–0.098 in) long. The tepals are greenish yellow, hairy on the outside, 8–10.5 mm (0.31–0.41 in) long with white anthers that curve outwards near their tips. Flowering occurs from June to September and the fruit is a smooth drupe.[2][3][4][5]
Persoonia inconspicua was first formally described in 1994 by Peter Weston in the journal Telopea from specimens collected by Paul Wilson north of Bullfinch in 1970.[4][6]
This geebung usually grows in heath and woodland Cowcowing Lakes, Mt Jackson, Queen Victoria Rock and the Johnston Lakes, in the Avon Wheatbelt, Coolgardie and Mallee biogeographic regions.[3][5]
This species is classified as "not threatened" by the Western Australian Government Department of Parks and Wildlife.[5]
This is a list of the French Singles & Airplay Chart Reviews number-ones of 1972.[1]The Warsaw Derby is a race for three-year-old Thoroughbred race horses first run in 1874 at a racetrack in Warsaw, Poland. In addition to the purse money, the race winner receives the Prize of the President of the Republic of Poland.
The horses competing in the Warsaw Derby come from the countries associated in the Konferenz des Mitteleuropaeischen Turfs (KMET) organization. Beyond host Poland, the organization includes members from Austria, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovakia, and Slovenia.
Currently run at the Sluzewiec Racetrack in the Służewiec sector of the city of Warsaw, the original race course no longer exists and is now the site of the Pole Mokotowskie park.
This horse race article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about sports in Poland is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Warsaw-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Arizona Coyotes Radio Network was a 10-station network of radio stations in the U.S. state of Arizona. The flagship of the network is KTAR.
[1]
[2]

This article about a radio station in the United States is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The pale field rat (Rattus tunneyi) is a small rat endemic to Australia. It is a nocturnal and herbivorous rodent that resides throughout the day in shallow burrows made in loose sand. Once widespread, its range has become greatly reduced and it is restricted to the grasslands, sedges, and cane-fields at the north and east of the continent. Its fur is an attractive yellow-brown colour, with grey or cream at the underside. This medium-sized rat has a tail shorter than its body.
The description of the species was published in 1904 by Oldfield Thomas. The specimens were collected by J. T. Tunney and forwarded to the British Museum, Thomas recognising the field worker in the specific epithet. The type used in the description was a female collected at Mary River, in the Northern Territory of Australia, and two other unlabelled specimens. Thomas placed the new species in the genus Mus, allying them with the rat (as Mus rattus) familiar to Europeans.[2] Two subspecies are recognised, the nominate describing those in the north and west, and subspecies Rattuss tunneyi culmorum at the east coast.[3] The population has previously been recognised as subspecies Rattus culmorum apex.[4]
Rattus tunneyi is also known as Tunney's rat,[5] and the Australian pale field rat.[6]
The pale field rat is a medium-sized species of Rattus, with a rounded and comparatively broad head.[3][2] The upper side of the pelage is a toffee-like shade of brown, said to be appealing in appearance, which grades into the lighter cream or greyish white at the underside.[4] The hair across their upper back is slate-grey beneath with a sandy-buff colour overlaying this. Their fine hair is around 10 mm and interspersed with hairs around twice this length.[2] A defining detail is their tail length (80 to 150 mm) which is obviously shorter than the combined head and body length (120 to 195 mm). Their weight range is 50 to 210 grams. Rattus tunneyi has pale pinkish ears that are 15 to 20 mm long and large eyes that have a bulging appearance. The female has a total of ten nipples, one pectoral and four inguinal pairs of teats. The feet of these rodents are covered in white hair at the upper side.[3]
The behaviour of the species is generally docile, and they are found living with others in loosely connected and scattered groups. Breeding takes place in the austral autumn, although this occurs a little later in the year with north-west subspecies. The litter size is around 4 young, but this may range from 2 to 11. As is usual in the genus, the oestrus cycle is from 4 to 5 days. Their gestation period is 21 to 22 days, and when combined with postpartum oestrus it has the potential for a large population increase, however because it is a poor coloniser and does not disperse easily it is not considered to be a rat prone to extremes in population size, especially when compared to the dusky rat and long-haired rat.[7] The existence of runways between their nests indicate some interaction between individuals, but the degree of sociality amongst these communities is unknown.[4]
Rattus tunneyi once occupied almost all areas of mainland Australia, but is now found only in tall grasslands in northern Australia.[8] The rats were once found as far inland as Alice Springs, but are currently restricted to coastal and sub-coastal regions. This species has become regionally extinct in some areas of its former range, which contracted greatly during the twentieth century.[4] An outlying specimen obtained from South Australia was probably collected at Kangaroo Island. The mainland occurrence in that region is only confirmed from sub-fossil specimens.[6]
The distribution range of the east coast subspecies R. tunneyi culmorum is from Coffs Harbour in New South Wales to Coen in Queensland. To the west of the Gulf of Carpentaria, the subspecies R. tunneyi tunneyi is found at coastal regions of the north to the Kimberley region in Western Australia. They also occur at offshore islands in the Pilbara region of that state. The fields of sugar cane found at the eastern coast may host the species, and they are observed at camp-sites or rocky slopes in the Kakadu National Park.[3]
The preference of habitat includes woodlands, dense sedges or grassy under-storey within monsoon forest, and wetter open grasslands.[3] The local environment is usually vegetation surrounding a watercourse, with friable soils seeming to be a requirement. They forage for a variety of plant material, and will dig to expose subsurface foods such as tubers.[4]
Populations of pale field rats in the Northern Territory have declined substantially since European colonisation of Australia, with one study identifying a 15% reduction in the extent of occurrence and a 35% reduction in the breadth of occupied environmental space.[9] A significant contraction towards areas of lower fire frequency, higher vegetation cover, and higher rainfall was observed, which are likely refuge habitats that help to buffer the impacts of feral cat predation.[9]
Pale field rats are vegetarians that eat grass stems, seeds, tubers and roots, and rest in shallow burrows dug in loose, crumbly soil during the day. The habitat is within the range of pastoralist leases and, with the introduction of cattle, local ecology has been degraded by soil compaction. Feral cats are also known to have placed pressure on the population.[10] This rat is terrestrial, foraging across the soil surface.[3]
The breeding period of the eastern subspecies is primarily around the austral spring (September to November). The northernmost group reproduce during the drier period of the year from March to August.[3]
Rattus tunneyi was identified as a damaging pest species in Queensland, where they feed at the roots of hoop pine, Araucaria cunninghamii, and destroy partially matured trees in plantation crops.[4]Gabriel Millet (17 April 1867 – 8 May 1953) was a French archaeologist and historian.
After he passed his agrégation of history in 1891, Gabriel Millet became a member of the French School at Athens, then director of the École pratique des hautes études in religious sciences in 1899, and professor at the Collège de France in 1927.
A voyager, he travelled throughout Europe, Greece, Macedonia, the Balkans. In 1906  Gabriel Millet, Vladimir Petković and Josef Strzygowski began research on Serbian painting, which they "acclaimed it to be among the finest creations of medieval Europe".[1] After the trip he wrote books, including his university thesis, on the findings of his research in Serbia.[2]
Millet was the author of numerous books on Byzantine art. In 1930, in collaboration with Louis Bréhier, he led an archaeological mission to Mount Athos. He founded the series "Archives d'Athos" at the College de France, under the patronage of the Academie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres and the Academy of Athens.
Later, Gabriel Millet led two more Serbian archaeological missions of 1934 and 1935, sponsored by the French Government in collaboration with the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. All practical difficulties such as transportation, supplies, scaffolding, were ironed out in that journey thanks to the energy and kindness of his long-time friends, professor of art Đurađ Bošković, his wife and colleagues, including Vladimir Petković and Milan Kašanin.[3]Esbo Bollklubb (EBK) was founded in 1940 as a football club for the city of Espoo in Finland. In the past the club participated in more sports, but in recent years has specialised in football. EBK's men's team plays in Kolmonen Section 1 of Helsinki and Uusimaa. At its pinnacle the men's team played in the Kakkonen [Third level] in the years 1989–91. The women's team played in women's SM-series in 1993 and 1994. EBK caters for a range of age groups for boys and girls teams.
The club's greatest competitive success was in the Finnish Cup in 1995. EBK is Espoo's oldest team.
[1]
For the 2020 season EBK competed in Section 1 (Lohko 1) of the Kolmonen administered by the Uusimaa SPL. This is the fourth highest tier in the Finnish football system. In 2009, EBK finished in 2nd position in Section 1 of the Kolmonen.

This article about a Finnish football club is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.In enzymology, a vitamin B12-transporting ATPase (EC 3.6.3.33) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
The 3 substrates of this enzyme are ATP, H2O, and vitamin B12, whereas its 3 products are ADP, phosphate, and vitamin B12.
This enzyme belongs to the family of hydrolases, specifically those acting on acid anhydrides to catalyse transmembrane movement of substances. The systematic name of this enzyme class is ATP phosphohydrolase (vitamin B12-importing). This enzyme participates in abc transporters - general.
As of late 2007, two structures have been solved for this class of enzymes, with PDB accession codes 1L7V and 2QI9.

This EC 3.6 enzyme-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The New York State Register is the official journal of the New York state government that contains information on proposed regulations and rulemaking activities.[1] The New York State Register is published weekly by the New York State Department of State's Division of Administrative Rules.[1] The general and permanent regulations are compiled in the New York Codes, Rules and Regulations (NYCRR).
The City Record is the official journal of New York City, and the Federal Register is the official journal of the United States government. A separate procurement opportunities newsletter, The New York State Contract Reporter, contains notices of procurement contract opportunities and is published by the state Department of Economic Development (which is operationally integrated into the state Urban Development Corporation).[2][3]

This article about the politics of New York is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a law book is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Bruce Donald Hara (born 28 April 1975) is a former cricketer who played List A cricket for the ACT Comets in the Mercantile Mutual Cup.
Hara, who was born in Canberra, made two appearances for the Comets in Australia's domestic one-day competition, both in the 1998/99 season. On debut he was run out for one by Michael Hussey at Manuka Oval and in his other match, at Adelaide Oval, he was trapped LBW for a duck by fast bowler Paul Wilson.[1]
He has also played cricket in England before and after his season at the Comets, with stints as a professional for Lancashire clubs Barnoldswick and Heywood.[2][3]Koy-Tash is a village in the Alamüdün District of Chüy Region of Kyrgyzstan.[2] Its population was 2,736 in 2021.[1] The Koy-Tash events happened here.[3][4]

This Chüy Region location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Podophyllum sect. Dysosma (Woodson) Shaw
Dysosma is a group of herbaceous perennials in the Berberidaceae or barberry family described as a genus in 1928.[1][3] It is native to China and Indochina.[2]
The genus is not universally recognised by this name, as some authorities include the plants in the genus Podophyllum. Dysosma is recognised by other authorities as including only those Podophyllum species which originate in China.[4] Dysosma grow as perennial, rhizomatous wildflowers on the damp and humus-rich floors of deciduous forests. The single umbrella-shaped leaves grow on an erect stem that usually stands 12–24 inches (300–610 mm), but with height varying with species. The leaves may be completely green or mottled and flecked with purple; they have an entire or deeply serrated edge depending on species. The flowers are nodding and in a range of colours. The fruit is a dark red berry.[2]Yasuko Kobayashi (小林 靖子, Kobayashi Yasuko, born April 7, 1965) is a Japanese anime and tokusatsu drama screenwriter who has been involved in various television shows throughout her career, beginning in 1993 with Tokusou Robo Janperson.
In September 2022, Kobayashi launched a new manga series with illustrations by Saki Nonoyama titled Danzai Lock in Kodansha's Comic Days website.[1]
Since her debut writing credits in Janperson, Kobayashi has been the main writer on many anime and tokusatsu television series and films. She has also been a writer on individual episodes within other series. Her credits as head writer are listed below in bold.
This article about a Japanese writer, poet, or screenwriter is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Sandra Day O'Connor was an American jurist. O'Connor was first woman to serve as a United States Supreme Court Justice.[1] President Ronald Reagan nominated O'Connor in 1981.[2] She continued to serve as a justice until she retired in 2006.[3]
'Liberty lies in the hearts of men and women. When it dies there, no constitution, no law, no court can save it.' But our understanding today must go beyond the recognition that ‘liberty lies in (our) hearts’ to the further recognition that only citizens with knowledge about the content and meaning of our constitutional guarantees of liberty are likely to cherish those concepts."[19]
Emma Mary Withnell (née Hancock; 19 December 1842 – 16 May 1928), was the first white and female settler in north west Western Australia; a pioneering pastoralist and businessperson.
A member of the Hancock family, later prominent in Western Australia, Emma Hancock was born at Guildford, Western Australia. She and her husband, John Withnell (1825–98), began operating a pastoral lease – Mount Welcome station, on the Harding River in 1864. The station homestead became the site of the first town in the north west, Roebourne.
Emma Hancock was born on 19 December 1842 in Guildford, Western Australia, the daughter of farmer George Hancock and his wife Sophia (née Gregory). On 10 May 1859, she married John Withnell, the son of a stonemason who had migrated in 1830. In 1864, in the hopes of starting a farm, Withnell, her husband, her two children, and her sister Francis moved to Port Walcott on the Sea Ripple; they encountered a shipwreck and lost most of their livestock. The family made their way on foot to the Harding River and Withnell gave birth to her third child near Mount Welcome. Withnell was known as Mother of the North West among the aborigines in the area as she often tended to the sick and delivered babies in her own house. The indigenous community presented her with the title of "Boorong", which apparently gave her more leeway to interact with the various tribes in the region. Withnell and her husband would have eleven children in total. John Withnell died on 15 May 1898 with an estate valued at around £5895. Emma Withnell died on 16 May 1928 at Mount Lawley; the cause of death was cholecystitis. She was buried at the Anglican cemetery in Guildford.[1]
In 2023 The West Australian newspaper identified 100 people who had shaped the state of Western Australia and they included the botanist Georgiana Molloy, suffragist Bessie Rischbieth, politician Edith Cowan,  Sister Margaret O'Brien, Dr Roberta Jull, Amy Jane Best and Withnell.[2]Alex Okosi // ⓘ(full name: Ogbuefi Akunne Alex Uche Okosi) is a Nigerian-born, US-educated business executive who has worked for the world's biggest broadcasting, streaming and tech brands. Committed to Africa's digital transformation, Okosi currently holds the post of managing director of Google Africa,[1] where he is responsible for Google's operations in Africa including programs that help businesses and economies on the continent to grow, as well as expanding access and providing tools to help the next billion users get more from the Web. [2]
Okosi was educated in Enugu, Nigeria until the age of 12, before finishing his education in the USA. While visiting his brothers in the US, Okosi made the decision to stay in America to complete his education, and he subsequently studied at schools in New York, Missouri, Nebraska and Florida before attending Phillips Exeter Academy[3] in Exeter, New Hampshire.
Okosi continued his studies at Saint Michael's College, Vermont - a liberal arts college in New England where he enrolled in a double major in business administration and economics. He graduated Magna cum laude in 1998.[4]
Okosi joined YouTube in April 2020 as the managing director of YouTube EMEA Emerging Markets.[5]  During his tenure, he played a key role in the growth and expansion of the YouTube brand in Africa, the Middle East and Turkey,[6] and continued to champion content creators and emerging voices from across the African continent. [7]
Okosi played a key role in landing YouTube's $100M Black Voice Fund in EMEA[8] and partnered with Idris Elba to launch the annual Africa Day Benefit Concert.[9]
He was also an executive member of the Google and YouTube committees tasked with driving and delivering the companies’ racial equity commitments across the EMEA region.[10][11]
Okosi spent 22 years at ViacomCBS (now Paramount Global[12]) in a range of leadership roles. He was the executive vice president and managing director of ViacomCBS Africa, and led the BET International brand and ViacomCBS's global events business. He is credited with launching MTV's first TV channel in Africa,[13] MTV Base, and building Viacom's entertainment business on the African continent[14] In 2009, he launched the MTV Africa Music Awards,[15] and helmed five editions of the music franchise.
Under Alex's leadership, Viacom Africa channels were recognised for their creativity and excellence, including more than 70 Promax/BDA Awards,[16] 11 SAFTAs (South Africa Film & Television Awards) and a Cannes Lions Award (2018).
Having joined MTV International, Okosi authored the business plan to launch MTV's first African TV channel.  Known initially as MTV base (with a lowercase 'b'), the channel was launched in 2005, becoming MTV's first African TV channel and MTV's 100th channel worldwide.[29]  The channel was designed to provide a high quality platform that promoted African contemporary music and creativity, while catering to the tastes and attitudes of African youth.[22]  The channel featured African contemporary urban musicians and music videos, alongside some longform music and entertainment shows.[30]  The launch of the new service was marked with two live music celebrations - MTV Base 100th Live![31]  - held days apart in April 2005 in Abuja, Nigeria and Johannesburg, South Africa.
Okosi was awarded a full scholarship to play Division II basketball for Saint Michael's.[42] He represented his college at Basketball, captaining the Purple Knights’ second team to victory in 1998.[citation needed]The 1961 Bolivian Primera División, the first division of Bolivian football (soccer), was played by 8 teams. The champion was Deportivo Municipal.The Corbet baronetcy, of Sprowston in the County of Norfolk, was created in the Baronetage of England on 4 July 1623 for John Corbet, of Sprowston. He was son of Sir Thomas Corbet, Kt, High Sheriff of Norfolk in 1612. He sat as Member of Parliament for Norfolk and Yarmouth.[1] He was the elder brother of the regicide Miles Corbet.[2] The title became extinct on the death of the third Baronet in 1661.[3]
Class of 1984 is a 1982 crime thriller film directed by Mark Lester and co-written by Tom Holland and John Saxton, based on a story by Holland. The film stars Perry King, Merrie Lynn Ross (who also served as co-executive producer), Timothy Van Patten, Lisa Langlois, Stefan Arngrim, Michael J. Fox, and Roddy McDowall.
The film featured various youth fashions of the time, including the punk look and image that was still popular in the early 1980s. The theme song, "I Am the Future", was recorded for the film by Alice Cooper.[4] The film also features a performance by Canadian punk band Teenage Head.
Andrew Norris is the new music teacher at a troubled inner city school. As he arrives on his first day, he meets fellow teacher Terry Corrigan, who is carrying a gun. When Andrew asks about the firearm, Terry assures him he will learn why the protection is necessary. When they enter the school, Andrew is shocked to see everyone scanned by metal detectors and frisked. He spots a student with a straight razor, but the security guards let the kid go because they are so overworked.
The halls of the school are covered with graffiti. Andrew learns he is expected to patrol the halls as a security guard during his off periods. In his first class, a group of five disruptive students are roughhousing and causing trouble. The leader of the gang is Peter Stegman, the only member of the group who is actually registered in that class. They all eventually walk out, and Andrew discovers the rest of the students want to learn, especially Arthur, who plays the trumpet, and Deneen, who plays the clarinet.
As Andrew gets to know the school and the area, he decides to put together an orchestra with his more advanced students. Peter's gang sells drugs and causes all kinds of mayhem, including the death of a student who buys PCP, climbs up a flagpole, and falls off. They follow Andrew home and taunt him one night, spraying a red liquid on his face. Andrew is frustrated, but the school principal is cynical and requires absolute proof of the gang's misconduct to act. The police act similarly.
At school, Andrew is confronted with more and more evidence of Peter's crimes. The two grow increasingly at odds. Eventually, after Peter kills Terry's animals in his lab, Andrew and Peter end up alone in a bathroom. Peter throws himself into a mirror and beats himself, claiming that Andrew attacked him. Trying to clear things up, Andrew visits Peter's mother at home. Frustrated that Peter still plays the victim and his mother will not hear Andrew, he hotwires Peter's car and drives it into a wall.
During lunch, the gang starts a food fight and forces their friend Vinnie to stab Arthur, causing him to be sent to a hospital. Vinnie is arrested and held in a youth detention center. Terry is driven insane after the incident with the animals in his lab and pulls a gun on his students, but is killed after crashing his car when trying to kill Peter and the others.
Andrew's orchestra is about to give its first concert. As his wife, Diane, gets ready at home, Peter's gang breaks into the house and gang rapes her. One of them takes a Polaroid of her being raped and has it delivered to Andrew on the podium just as he is about to start the concert. Horrified by the photo, he runs off the podium in pursuit of Peter's gang; Deneen conducts the orchestra in his absence.
Andrew and the gang chase each other through the school. Andrew kills them off individually, finally confronting Peter on the roof. Their last scuffle ends with Peter falling through a skylight, and after Andrew reaches a hand to help him, Peter attacks him, getting strangled to death in the ropes above the stage. His corpse falls into full view of the audience. An ending caption states that Andrew is never charged because the police could not find a witness to the crime.
Mark Lester was inspired to make the film by his memories of The Blackboard Jungle along with visiting his old high school, Monroe High, and seeing how it had changed.[5]
Lester devised the storyline which was written up by Tom Holland. Other writers worked on it as well including an uncredited Barry Schneider, who wrote some dialogue. Financing for the film came from Canada and the movie was shot in Toronto.[6]
Class of 1984 was released in the United States on August 20, 1982.[7]
When it was originally released, the film was banned in several countries due to its lewd content.[8] In the United Kingdom, it received four minutes and fourteen seconds of cuts from the British Board of Film Classification, and was refused a video certificate four years later. It was finally passed fully uncut in 2005.[1] In Finland, the theatrical version was banned in 1983 – the case went up to the Supreme Administrative Court – and an edited video release was similarly banned in 1984. In 2006, an uncut DVD release was approved with an "18" rating.[9]
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has a rating of 71% based on 21 reviews, with a weighted average of 6.2/10.[10] Metacritic gave the film a score of 49 based on 11 reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews".[11]
Film historian and critic Leonard Maltin described the movie as an "[u]npleasant, calculatedly campy melodrama. ... Still, not bad as revenge movies go". He further characterized the picture as a loose remake of The Blackboard Jungle, with King, Van Patten, and Fox in the roles of Glenn Ford, Vic Morrow, and Sidney Poitier, respectively.[12]
In the Chicago Sun-Times, Roger Ebert wrote: "Class of 1984 is raw, offensive, vulgar, and violent, but it contains the sparks of talent and wit, and it is acted and directed by people who cared to make it special".[13]
A negative review from 1982 in Time stated that the film "no longer terrifies, or even disgusts, the moviegoers for whom it is made... The violence in this vigilante
farce is too preposterous to make anyone wince"[14]
Shout Factory's horror division Scream Factory released the film as a Collector's Edition Blu-ray on April 14, 2015.
Comedy writer and producer Tom Scharpling has noted that Class of 1984 is one of his favorite films. Scharpling would often reference the movie on his weekly call-in radio program The Best Show on WFMU.[15][16]
Lester later said "I thought Van Patten was going to be the big acting star, and it turned out to be Michael J. Fox instead."[17]
The film spawned two science fiction sequels. Class of 1999 (1990) was also directed by Mark Lester. Class of 1999 II: The Substitute (1994) was released direct-to-video by Vidmark Entertainment. The three movies have plots only loosely related to each other.
This article lists the comprehensive discography of British gothic metal band Paradise Lost.Boiling Point (Japanese: 3-4x10月, Hepburn: San tai Yon ekkusu Jugatsu, lit. '3 to 4x October') is a 1990 Japanese crime film written and directed by Takeshi Kitano, who also co-stars under his stage name Beat Takeshi. It was Kitano's second film as a director and first film as a screenwriter. Boiling Point is seen as an important first step in his development as an editor[1] and as a director.[2]
Masaki is a shiftless, inattentive young man who is a member of a losing local baseball team managed by Mr. Iguchi, a former yakuza, whose coach is threatened and attacked by a local yakuza. He teams up with a friend to go to Okinawa to purchase guns so they can get revenge. A psychotic yakuza member named Uehara befriends them upon their arrival in Okinawa. Uehara has his own agenda of revenge, and as the story progresses the two boys drift further into his orbit, with unsettling results.
Kitano's trademark black humor suffuses the film in many ways: at one point, the boy finally does get a gun, but shoots out the windshield of his girlfriend's car by mistake. The film also features comedian Iizuka Minoru, also known as Dankan, who went on to become a Kitano regular (Getting Any?) and Katsuo Tokashiki, who is famous for his kickboxing skills in Japan. He also played a guard in Takeshi Kitano's Takeshi's Castle in the 1980s.
The original title, 3-4X Jugatsu, is the final score of a baseball game played in the film. "Jugatsu" (October) was added to the title, because the most exciting games of baseball, play-off games, are played in October.
Boiling Point has an approval rating of 94% on review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, based on 17 reviews, and an average rating of 7/10.[3]

This article about a crime comedy film is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to a Japanese film of the 1990s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2014–15 Incarnate Word Cardinals men's basketball team represented the University of the Incarnate Word during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Cardinals were led by ninth year head coach Ken Burmeister and played their home games at McDermott Convocation Center. They were members of the Southland Conference.
This was year 2 of a 4-year transitional period for Incarnate Word from DII to DI.[1] During year 2 they will play a normal conference schedule. They are DI for scheduling purposes and are also to be considered as a DI RPI member.
Although Incarnate Word was classified as a DI school for scheduling purposes in years 2–4 and can win the regular season conference title, they cannot participate in the conference tournament until the 2017–18 season, at which time they will also be able to enter the NCAA Tournament, should they win the conference.
The Cardinals were picked to finish sixth (6th) in both the Southland Conference Coaches' Poll and the Sports Information Directors Poll.[2]
They finished the season 18–11, 10–8 in Southland play to finish in fifth place. They were invited to the CollegeInsider.com Postseason Tournament, their first ever DI postseason appearance, where they lost in the first round to Louisiana–Lafayette.
All Incarnate Word games were broadcast on KKYX's website. KUIW Radio also produced a student media broadcast for each non-televised home game, that was available online, and they provided streaming of all non-televised home games were shown via UIW TV.
Roster Last update: 2014-09-19Andrzej Wójs (born 5 December 1979 in Nowy Sącz)[1] is a Polish slalom canoeist who competed at the international level from 1995 to 2005.
He won two bronze medals in the C2 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships (2002, 2003). He also won a silver medal in the same event at the 1996 European Championships in Augsburg. Wójs also competed in two Summer Olympics, earning his best finish of sixth in the C2 event in Sydney in 2000.[2]
His partner in the C2 boat for most of his active career was Sławomir Mordarski.

This article about a Polish canoeist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Woodvale Football Club was a  football club based  in Thornliebank, Renfrewshire, in Scotland.
The club was formed in 1883,[1] and turned senior in 1885 by joining the Scottish Football Association.[2]  It was a quixotic decision, given the town already had a well-established and successful senior side in Thornliebank F.C., and Woodvale's brief history as a senior club was markedly unsuccessful.
Woodvale entered the Scottish Cup three times.  In its first entry, in 1885–86, it beat Mearns Athletic in the first round[3] and lost to Arthurlie in the second.  Its second entry ended in withdrawal before playing a tie, and it did not enter again until 1888–89; the club's re-entry to the competition was controversial, as an objection was made on the basis that the club had allegedly forged the registration of David M'Keteridge as a player - the SFA allowed the entry and investigated the charge.[4]
Woodvale beat Johnstone Harp 5–4 away from home in the first round, and in the second, apparently beat the 1st Renfrewshire Rifle Volunteers 3–2. However, Woodvale has lost its ground, and hosted the tie at Thornliebank's.  The Volunteers protested that this was a breach of the Cup regulations and the SFA ordered a replay at the 1st R.R.V.'s ground in Greenock,[5] but Woodvale turned up to the replay with only 8 players.  Woodvale therefore scratched from the competition, but in order not to disappoint a large crowd, the clubs played a friendly, with Woodvale borrowing two players as substitutes; the Volunteers won 3–0.[6]
Despite winning a couple of Scottish Cup ties, Woodvale's record in the local Renfrewshire Cup was appalling.  It entered every season between 1884–85 and 1888–89, but twice scratched, and lost in the other three years in its first matches by a combined score of 29 goals to 0; 11–0 at Arthurlie in 1884–85,[7] 7–0 at Morton in 1885–86,[8] and 11–0 at 1st R.R.V. in 1887–88.[9]
The club's senior run came to an end when the SFA removed the club from the membership roll in August 1889.[10]  The club continued on a junior level briefly but no matches are recorded after November 1889,[11] the name being revived by a club in Greenock in 1891.[12]
The club played in red and blue jerseys with white knickers.[13]
The club originally played on the North Bank.[14]  On turning senior, the club moved to a private ground at Robslea Park, 5 minutes' walk from the station.[15]  By 1888, it had found a new home at Arden Park, although it was not available for the Scottish Cup tie with the 1st R.R.V.[16]

The Nilgiri Mountains form a part of the Western Ghats in northwestern Tamil Nadu, southern Karnataka and eastern Kerala in South India. They are located at the trijunction of the three states and connect the Western Ghats to the Eastern Ghats. At least 24 of the Nilgiri Mountains' peaks are above 2,000 m (6,600 ft), with the highest peak being Doddabetta at 2,637 m (8,652 ft).
The word Nilgiri, comes from Tamil words neelam (blue) + giri (mountain), has been in use since at least 1117 CE. In Tamil literature it is mentioned as Iraniyamuttam[2][3] It is thought that the bluish flowers of kurinji shrubs gave rise to the name.[4]
The Nilgiri Hills are separated from the Karnataka Plateau to the north by the Moyar River.[5]
Three national parks border portions of the Nilgiri mountains. Mudumalai National Park lies in the northern part of the range where Kerala, Karnataka, and Tamil Nadu meet, covering an area of 321 km2 (124 sq mi). Mukurthi National Park lies in the southwest part of the range, in Kerala, covering an area of 78.5 km2 (30.3 sq mi), which includes intact shola-grassland mosaic, habitat for the Nilgiri tahr. Silent Valley National Park lies just to the south and contiguous with those two parks, covering an area of 89.52 km2 (34.56 sq mi).[citation needed]
The high steppes of the Nilgiri Hills have been inhabited since prehistoric times, demonstrated by a large number of artifacts unearthed by excavators. A particularly important collection from the region can be seen in the British Museum, including those assembled by colonial officers James Wilkinson Breeks, Major M. J. Walhouse and Sir Walter Elliot.[6]
The first recorded use of the word Nila applied to this region can be traced back to 1117 CE. In the report of a general of Vishnuvardhana, King of Hoysalas, who in reference to his enemies, claimed to have "frightened the Thodas, driven the Kongas underground, slaughtered the Poluvas, put to death the Maleyalas, terrified Chieftain Kala Nirpala and then proceeded to offer the peak of Nila Mountain.(presumably Doddabetta or Rangaswami peak of Peranganad in East Nilgiris) to Lakshmi, Goddess of Wealth. Neelagiri was ruled by Baduga King Kala Raja before 1117 CE."[7]
A hero stone (Veeragallu) with a Kannada inscription at Vazhaithottam (Bale thota) in the Nilgiri District, dated to 10th century CE, has been discovered.[8] A Kannada inscription of Hoysala king Ballala III (or his subordinate Madhava Dannayaka's son) from the 14th century CE has been discovered at the Siva (or Vishnu) temple at Nilagiri Sadarana Kote (present-day Dannayakana Kote), near the junction of Moyar and Bhavani rivers, but the temple has since been submerged by the Bhavani Sagar dam.[8][9]
In 1814, as part of the Great Trigonometrical Survey, a sub-assistant named Keys and an apprentice named McMahon ascended the hills by the Danaynkeucottah (Dannayakana Kote) Pass, penetrated into the remotest parts, made plans, and sent in reports of their discoveries. As a result of these accounts, Messrs. Whish and Kindersley, two young Madras civilians, ventured up in pursuit of some criminals taking refuge in the mountains, and proceeded to observe the interior. They soon saw and felt enough favorable climate and terrain to excite their own curiosity, and that of others.[10]
After the early 1820s, the hills were developed rapidly under the British Raj, because most of the land was already privately owned by British citizens. It was a popular summer and weekend getaway for the British during the colonial days. In 1827, Ooty became the official sanatorium and the summer capital of the Madras Presidency. Many winding hill roads were built. In 1899, the Nilgiri Mountain Railway was completed by influential and enterprising British citizens, with venture capital from the Madras government.[11][12]
In the 19th century, when the British Straits Settlement shipped Chinese convicts to be jailed in India, the Chinese men settled in the Nilgiri mountains near Naduvattam after their release and married Tamil Paraiyan women, having mixed Chinese-Tamil children with them. They were documented by Edgar Thurston.[13]
The highest point in the Nilgiris and the southern extent of the range is Doddabetta Peak (2,637 metres (8,652 ft)),[14] 4 km east southeast of Udhagamandalam, 11°24′10″N 76°44′14″E﻿ / ﻿11.40278°N 76.73722°E﻿ / 11.40278; 76.73722﻿ (Doddabetta Peak).
Closely linked peaks in the west of Doddabetta range and nearby Udhagamandalam include:[citation needed]
Snowdon (height: (2,530 metres (8,301 ft)) 11°26′N 76°46′E﻿ / ﻿11.433°N 76.767°E﻿ / 11.433; 76.767﻿ (Snowdon) is the northern extent of the range. Club Hill (2,448 metres (8,031 ft)) and Elk Hill (2,466 metres (8,091 ft)) 11°23′55″N 76°42′39″E﻿ / ﻿11.39861°N 76.71083°E﻿ / 11.39861; 76.71083﻿ (Elk Hill) are significant elevations in this range. Snowdon, Club Hill and Elk Hill with Doddabetta, form the impressive Udhagamandalam Valley.
Devashola (height: 2,261 metres (7,418 ft)), notable for its blue gum trees, is in the south of Doddabetta range.
Kulakombai (1,707 metres (5,600 ft)) is east of the Devashola.  The Bhavani Valley and the Lambton's peak range of Coimbatore district stretch from here.
Muttunadu Betta (height: 2,323 metres (7,621 ft)) 11°27′N 76°43′E﻿ / ﻿11.450°N 76.717°E﻿ / 11.450; 76.717﻿ (Muttunadu Betta) is about 5 km, north northwest of Udhagamandalam. Tamrabetta (Coppery Hill) (height: 2,120 metres (6,955 ft)) 11°22′N 76°48′E﻿ / ﻿11.367°N 76.800°E﻿ / 11.367; 76.800﻿ (Tamrabetta) is about 8 km southeast of Udhagamandalam. Vellangiri (Silvery Hill) (2,120 metres (6,955 ft)) is 16 km west-northwest of Udhagamandalam.[15]
The highest waterfall, Kullakamby Fall, north of Kolakambai hill, has an unbroken fall of 400 ft (120 m). Nearby is the 150 ft (46 m) Halashana falls. The second highest is Catherine Falls, near Kotagiri, with a 250 ft (76 m) fall, named after the wife of M.D. Cockburn, believed to have introduced coffee plantations to the Nilgiri Hills. The Upper and Lower Pykara falls have falls of 180 ft (55 m), and 200 ft (61 m), respectively. The 170 ft (52 m) Kalhatti Falls is off the Segur Peak. The Karteri Fall, near Aruvankadu had the first power station which supplied the original Cordite Factory with electricity. Law's Fall, near Coonoor, is interesting due to its association with the engineer Major G. C. Law who supervised building of the Coonoor Ghat road.[16]
Over 2,800 species of flowering plants, 160 species of fern and fern allies, countless types of flowerless plants, mosses, fungi, algae, and land lichens are found in the sholas of the Nilgiris. No other hill station has as many species.[17] It is also home to mammals like the Bengal tiger, Indian elephant, Indian leopard, chital deer, gaur, sambar deer, dhole, golden jackal, Indian boar, Nilgiri tahr, Indian spotted chevrotain, black buck, Asian palm civet, sloth bear, four-horned antelope, Nilgiri marten, Indian crested porcupine, Malabar giant squirrel, honey badger, Indian grey mongoose, Indian pangolin, Indian fox, smooth coated otter, and painted bat. The Indian python, king cobra, common krait, Indian cobra, Malabar pit viper, Nilgiri keelback, Oriental garden lizard, Eryx whitakeri and mugger crocodile are reptiles found here. Primates include the lion tailed macaque, Nilgiri langur, gray langur and bonnet macaque. The birds found here are Indian peacock, Nilgiri laughing thrush, Nilgiri flycatcher, grey junglefowl, Malabar pied hornbill, Malabar parakeet, great hornbill, Nilgiri wood pigeon, Indian vulture, black-hooded oriole, grey-headed bulbul and Malabar grey hornbill. Amphibians on the list are the purple frog,  Silent valley brush frog, Malabar gliding frog, Beddomixalus and many more. It is the only place in South India to have the white tiger.
The dominant type of habitat is tropical rainforest. Montane forests and tropical moist forests are also found here. Much of the forest habitats have been much disturbed or destroyed by extensive tea plantations, easy motor-vehicle access, extensive commercial planting and harvesting of non-native eucalyptus and wattle (Acacia dealbata, Acacia mearnsii) plantations, and cattle grazing.[18] The area also features one large and several smaller hydro-electric impoundments.[19] Scotch broom has become an ecologically damaging invasive species.[20]
Threatened plants of the Nilgiris include:
Redwood Falls Township is one of the twenty-six townships of Redwood County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 256 at the 2000 census.
Redwood Falls Township was organized in 1880.[3]
According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of 34.4 square miles (89.0 km2), of which 34.3 square miles (88.8 km2)  is land and 0.1 square mile (0.2 km2)  (0.26%) is water.
A small portion of the city of Redwood Falls is located in Redwood Falls Township.
As of the census[1] of 2000, there were 256 people, 89 households, and 72 families residing in the township.  The population density was 7.5 people per square mile (2.9/km2).  There were 93 housing units at an average density of 2.7/sq mi (1.0/km2).  The racial makeup of the township was 98.44% White, 0.39% Native American and 1.17% Asian.
There were 89 households, out of which 37.1% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 69.7% were married couples living together, 1.1% had a female householder with no husband present, and 19.1% were non-families. 15.7% of all households were made up of individuals, and 5.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older.  The average household size was 2.88 and the average family size was 3.22.
In the township the population was spread out, with 29.3% under the age of 18, 7.0% from 18 to 24, 26.6% from 25 to 44, 26.6% from 45 to 64, and 10.5% who were 65 years of age or older.  The median age was 37 years. For every 100 females, there were 128.6 males.  For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 132.1 males.
The median income for a household in the township was $52,500, and the median income for a family was $59,375. Males had a median income of $32,344 versus $30,357 for females. The per capita income for the township was $20,223.  About 4.0% of families and 4.3% of the population were below the poverty line, including 8.0% of those under the age of eighteen and none of those 65 or over.
Dombrád is a town in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.
The name comes from a Slavic personal name, compare with Czech Domorád, Domorod or Serbo-Croatian Domorad.[2]
It covers an area of 51.84 km2 (20 sq mi) and has a population of 4015 people (2015).
www.dombrad.hu

This Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Angela Tong (born 30 June 1975) is a Hong Kong actress. She was born in Montreal, Quebec, Canada with family roots in Shunde, Guangdong, China. She was Miss Chinese Montreal 1995. She was educated in Concordia University.
After winning the first place in Miss Chinese Montréal Pageant in 1994, Tong represented Montréal to compete in the Miss Chinese International Pageant 1995.  Although she only reached the Top 12 in the pageant, she was approached by TVB with an acting contract.[1]
Tong has been in numerous TVB dramas since 1995, but mostly supporting roles and is mostly cast as a showgirl or "the other woman".  After for 10 years, her big break finally came with the TVB series Life Made Simple (阿旺新傳) playing a physically unattractive girl with a heart of gold and a wonderful singing voice called "Lee Siu Ho (李笑好)".
The role won her critical acclaim, winning the Best Supporting Actress award at the TVB 37th Anniversary Awards in November 2005.
Her portrayal of Lee Siu Ho was so popular that TVB composed a primetime special called Ho Is Beside You (好在你左右) as well as the 12-episode variety program Always Smiling (笑口常開), both with Angela hosting in character as Lee Siu Ho.
Tong married Chin Ka-lok, who she had been dating for five years, on 13 November 2012, the two becoming the first couple to marry in Ocean Park's panda enclosure. They held a wedding banquet on the 15th, an event attended by many co-stars and colleagues of Hong Kong's entertainment industry. Tong has two daughters, Alyssa and Kassidy.The Bone World Trilogy is a trilogy for young adults by Irish author Peadar Ó Guilín.  The series has elements of science fiction and fantasy.
The first book in the trilogy, The Inferior, was published by David Fickling Books in 2007 (2008 in the U.S.A.), and the sequel, The Deserter, was published in September 2011.[1]

This article about a 2000s science fiction novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.
This article about a 2000s fantasy novel is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.Taste Buds is a Canadian children's television series, produced by (TVOntario) by partners/executive producers Mark Bishop and Matt Hornburg of Toronto's Marblemedia. The series premiered on September 1, 2008 and ended on September 24, 2012 after 3 seasons.
This is a cooking show geared to children aged 7–10, that teaches children to think about what they eat and explore new foods from around the world. The two young hosts, Avery and Lily, cook recipes that are easy for kids to make by themselves or with a bit of grown up help. The episodes follow Avery and Lily as they lead viewers on new taste adventures exploring the culture, history, science and art behind different foods. Also helping out in the kitchen is their adult co-host Matt, a chef and fellow Taste Bud who is passionate about food and eager to share his expert knowledge. It also stars other kids that help out and try foods on every episode.
The show also contains the high-tech Chillbot 3000, a voice-activated computer fridge that outputs recipes, facts and tips in a flash. Chillbot also connects the Taste Buds to one of four field correspondents: Health Meister, Science Whiz, World Traveller and History Buff, each providing the hosts with background educational information on the food they are working with.
The show premiered on TVO in Canada on September 1, 2008. Reruns began airing in the United States on Qubo from June 30, 2012 (alongside Artzooka!, Jakers! The Adventures of Piggley Winks and Harry and His Bucket Full of Dinosaurs) to May 24, 2014.[1][2] The show is streaming free on HappyKids.[3]
Avery (Avery Bilz) believes that food is fun, so his cooking tends to follow his intuition instead of a recipe. When baking cookies, he will go with the flow and add mini-marshmallows to the dough if he feels like it. He is always willing to try a new taste sensation—especially if his co-host Lily "eggs" him
Matt (Matt Austin) is the fun and quirky grown-up in the group. He acts as a mentor for Lily and Avery. Like Lily and Avery, Matt loves to cook. He is a natural. He creates different cooking challenges for them. He usually judges the dishes that they make.
To "spice up" this cooking show, young, rising star, Jasmine (Danielle Himelfarb) is thrust into the mix for six episodes, and quickly sizzled her way to the top. With an unprecedented palate for fine foods, Jasmine splashed onto the scene in "Foods that Zing", and soon rose to stardom, appearing in five more episodes, "Foods That Are Colourful", "Foods for Kings and Queens", "Foods That Roll", "Foods That Are Stacked", and "Foods for a Party". Critics of the show raved of this jubilant and gregarious soul, who continues to have a strong foothold in the rise of pre-teen culinary television.
Safety Elf (Anneke van der Laan) usually appears during cooking segments where she informs the viewers with her signature catchphrase "Get a grown-up". She wears a yellow and black chef's hat with a yellow chef's coat with black buttons and yellow pants.
At the 2010 Gemini Awards, Marblemedia accepted the company's first-ever Gemini, for Taste Buds season 2, in the category of "Best Cross-Platform Production – Children's and Youth". Taste Buds was shot at various locations in and around Toronto and Southern Ontario.Ka Yee "Carrie" Wong Perrodo (Chinese: 黃嘉兒; born 1950/51) is a Hong Kong-born French billionaire heiress and businesswoman. She is the owner of the oil group Perenco, which was founded by her late husband Hubert.
Ka Yee "Carrie" Wong was born in Hong Kong and moved to Singapore to pursue a modelling career. Later she founded and sold a modeling agency, Carrie's Models, which is still active in Singapore.[2]
In 1974, she married French businessman Hubert Perrodo (1944–2006), founder and sole owner of the Anglo-French oil and gas company Perenco.[2][3] They had three children,[3] François Hubert Marie Perrodo (born 14 February 1977), chairman of Perenco, Nathalie Perrodo-Samani (born 1980), and Bertrand Nicolas Hubert Perrodo (born 1984).[2]
She lives in London, England.[1]
The Republic Drug Store is a pharmacy located in Republic, Washington, United States. The original drug store burned down in 1917 from a suspected arson, and the current building was built and finished by 1918. In 2003, it was thought to be Washington state's oldest family-operated drug store still in business. The store was sold to the Ferry County Hospital District in 2021. In 2023 the store was at the center of a Controlled Substances Act settlement between the hospital district and the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington.
Jesse "John" Slagle arrived in Republic in 1904, having been sent by the Stewart & Holms Wholesale Drug Company, his employer at the time, with instructions to liquidate a drugstore that was part of an estate.[1][2] After arrival, Slagle was slated to only stay long enough to deal with the estate, a period of three months. However Slagle opted to take the estate goods, plus the buy out of a formerly competing pharmacy from its elderly proprietor, and combine the two into a single pharmacy.[1][2] With the stores inventories combined, the new venture was named the Republic Drug Store.[3]
With the store established, Slagle asked his brother to move to Republic to help with the store and his brother Jeff H. Slagle agreed. After a few years they decided to expand, and to that end in 1908 they bought out the pharmacy in Kettle Falls. The former druggist had operated the store for 18 years, and sold so he could retire.[4] The two stores were run in conjunction for just over 5 years before the brothers announced they were dissolving their partnership. In 1914 it was announced that "The Slagle Bro's" partnership would end by mutual consent of both brothers. Jesse would continue running the Republic Drug Store while Jeff would take over the Kettle Falls Drug Company.[5]
The Republic store was the target of arson[6] on September 4, 1917. While performing rounds the city marshal observed through the front windows an explosion occurred at the back of the shop. The resulting fire quickly grew to envelop seven buildings along the block.[7][8] While all seven buildings were lost, only the stock of the drug store was also lost, with $7,000 (equivalent to about $171,800 in 2024) to $8,000 (equivalent to about $196,300 in 2024) of merchandise burned. The fire was finally extinguished with help from the one working fire pump the city had.[7] After the Republic fires of 1917 Slagle moved the store location to its current spot and rebuilt in a two-story brick building which was completed soon after the fire in 1917–1918.[6][3]
It was reported on October 3 that john Slagle had upgraded his vault storage with the addition of 50 unit safety deposit boxes. The boxes are part of a single case structure built from strong steel panels.[9]
The store suffered a significant burglary on the morning of September 15, 1956, with looters targeting the drug selection and liquor inventory plus cash from the till. The value of stolen goods and cash at the time was listed as US$1,020 (equivalent to about $11,800 in 2024), all of which was insured. Dick and Maury, co-owning the store at that time, had worked late that night and not left the premises until sometime after midnight. The break-in was estimated to happen around 3 am, with access to the store via a side door.[10] Among the inventory listed as stolen were cigarettes, electric shavers, whiskey, and writing utensils, however the store vault was not touched. It is likely a truck was used to transport the goods away. Both the Spokane Police and Spokane County Sheriff were notified via radio when the break-in was reported. Investigations were conducted by both the Ferry County Sheriffs Department and the Washington State Liquor Control Board.[10][11]
When he retired in 1947 Jesse passed the store to his sons David, Maurice "Maury", and Richard "Dick" Slagle.[12][3] Dick and Maury Slagle operated the store jointly before turning it over to Maury's son and daughter-in-law, Robert "Rob" and Patty Slagle. In 2003 it was thought to be the oldest continually family run drugstore in the state of Washington.[13] The store was also the second-oldest operating business in Republic, having started four years after the founding of Anderson's Grocery in the summer of 1900.[3] Since around the time of World War I, the Drugstore has been the only pharmacy serving in Ferry County, and after 1947, it was also the only pharmacy serving the hospital.[6]
In 2002, Washington proposed lowering the reimbursement payments to pharmacists who fulfill Medicaid prescriptions.[14] The lower prices would have forced many pharmacies like the Republic Drug Store to turn away Medicaid prescriptions, stated Patty Slagle. The state was looking at the option of cutting the reimbursement budget of Washington anywhere from $20 million to $71 million, and if they had been implemented, it would have made the cost of Medicaid refills for Republic Drug Store more expensive than the reimbursement. At the time, Slagle noted over half the prescriptions processed by Republic Drug were through Medicaid, and the store would need to consider turning patients away, which would result in a drive of anywhere from 80–100 mi (130–160 km) to reach another pharmacy.[14][15]
The family ownership of the Republic Drug Store ended in 2021 when owners Rob and Patty finalized sale to the Ferry County Hospital District in January 2021.[16] The drug store has been transitioned to ownership and oversight of the hospital district and maintains its franchise membership with Health Mart.[17][18]
Initial opioid prescription rate reporting in a 2020 Washington Post noted that small pharmacies may have larger than average stock of drugs, many of the pills were shunted to the black market instead of legal use. Based on a Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) database, the Republic Drug Store was reported for receiving a "large number of pills for county",[19] having been shipped 2,681,690 oxycodone and hydrocodone pills between 2006 and 2014. The article noted this was enough for the quoted 1,409 people living within a 10 mi (16 km) radius of the store to each get 211 pills a year.[19]
From October 6, 2017, to November 27, 2021, the drug store was placed under investigation by the Drug Enforcement Administration for its opiate handling practices. During the investigation, the DoJ recorded a number of "red flag" issues, as set out by the Controlled Substances Act that should have been seen and rectified by the attending pharmacist. The DEA defined the red flags as being indicators of potential for diversion or fraud, drug seeking, lack of medical needs, and potential for abuse or health risks.[16] Among the issues found were prescriptions written by various individuals not legally allowed to write them. The individuals included people with suspended licenses due to prescription writing issues, retiree physicians, and a doctor without license to prescribe controlled substances at all, being a naturopathic practitioner.[20]
Legally, onus is placed on both prescribing doctor and the pharmacist presented with the drug request to verify that any "red flags" is investigated and rectified before a drug is dispensed. The DEA did not feel the store took the steps required on most "red flags", and a case was brought by United States District Court for the Eastern District of Washington attorneys. In 2023, the Ferry County Hospital District came to an agreement with the Department of Justice attorneys under Vanessa Waldref for the recorded violations.[16] When asked about the case, the hospital chief executive officer stated she felt the case was "lacking", but also noted the store had not been able to supply any evidence of clearing red flags.[20] The hospital district agreed to take full responsibility for the drug stores actions before and after purchase.[16] The hospital district entered into an agreement with the DoJ to increase training of the store staff and be subject to stock audits on a quarterly basis. The stores controlled substance practices and policies were to be updated and a fine of US$15,000 (equivalent to about $15,500 in 2024) paid to the state.[16]
The drug store building as of 2019 still featured original hand cranked awnings,[21] over the original store front and the pressed tin ceiling.[22] Due to the preserved nature of the turn-of-the-century building, the Drug Store has been identified by Washington Filmworks as a potential film location.[21]
48°38′52.3″N 118°44′16.0″W﻿ / ﻿48.647861°N 118.737778°W﻿ / 48.647861; -118.737778

WGNA-FM (107.7 MHz) is a commercial radio station licensed to Albany, New York, and serving the Capital District. The station is owned by Townsquare Media and broadcasts a country music format.
WGNA-FM has an effective radiated power (ERP) of 12,500 watts.  Its transmitter is in the Helderberg Escarpment tower farm in New Scotland. WGNA holds the distinction of having the longest unchanged format (in terms of commercial stations) in the Capital District, having been a country music station since its launch in November 1973, and being one of two commercial Albany FM radio stations to have never changed their call sign, with 92.3 WFLY as the other.
WGNA originally was not slated to take the country format it has long dominated. The 107.7 frequency had been awarded to the owners of Christian radio station WHAZ.  WGNA was due to sign on with an alternate Christian format.  WHAZ would concentrate on Christian talk and teaching, while the FM station would play Christian music.  The GNA in the call sign would stand for "Good News Albany".
These plans went on hold when WHAZ's owner died several weeks prior to the planned sign-on of WGNA.  In a pinch, his children took over the station. The station signed on with a country music format on December 5, 1973, at 6:00 p.m.[2]
For its first five days, the country music played uninterrupted.  On December 10 at 6:00 a.m., disc jockeys began hosting the country sound.[2] Going against established country station WOKO, WGNA became a success, even though not all radios could receive FM signals in that era. WHAZ was eventually sold off and, in 1978, WOKO left the country format. In 1988, then-WGNA owner Barnstable Broadcasting purchased WOKO and turned it into an AM simulcast of WGNA (with the FM taking the WGNA-FM call sign as a result).  WGNA 1460 AM would occasionally break away from the simulcast for sports coverage.
In 1990, noted Albany broadcaster Fred Horton became program director at WGNA. He led the station to become #1 in almost every Arbitron ratings book. On April 13, 1994, Barnstable sold WGNA to the radio group headed by TV host Merv Griffin.  Griffin's group later sold its stations to Capstar Broadcasting in 1996.  Two years later, the WGNA stations ended up as part of AMFM, Inc., a forerunner to today's iHeartMedia.
In 1997, longtime program director Fred Horton left the station to program WYNY in New York City and was replaced by former MTV executive, Ronald E. "Buzz" Brindle, who programmed Country 107.7 until April 2007. Brindle had previously programmed WGY and had launched WYJB "B95.5" in the Albany market.
Under Brindle's leadership, WGNA broadened its listener base by replacing its country-focused morning show with the more mass appeal "Sean & Richie Show" in order to attract non-country fans from WFLY, WPYX, and WYJB and then convert them into country listeners. During Brindle's 10-year tenure at WGNA, the station strengthened its reputation within the country music industry and garnered several CMA awards and nominations.
After AMFM merged with Clear Channel Communications in 2000, WGNA-AM-FM was sold with WPYX, WABT, WTRY (AM) and WTRY-FM to Clear Channel Communications which, in turn, sold WGNA-AM-FM, WABT, WQBK-FM, WTMM and WQBJ to Regent Communications (now Townsquare Media) due to market concentration concerns. The Federal Communications Commission does not want one company to dominate too large a portion of a radio market.
In February 2002, the simulcast with 1460 AM ended when Regent sold that station to ABC Radio.  ABC used it to bring its Radio Disney format to the Capital Region under the call letters WDDY.  It now broadcasts Catholic religious programming as WOPG.
WGNA has enjoyed a fairly stable air staff, as most of WGNA's on-air talent have been a part of the Country 107.7 team for more than 10 years, including:
Notable departures from the on-air staff include:
Recent additions to the on-air staff include:
At the time of its launch, WGNA was one of the first FM country music stations in the Northeast and with its powerful signal was able to reach and even rate in markets far from the Capital District where country music was either nonexistent or on low-power AM stations. As Baby Boomers who grew up with Rock and Pop in the Northeast moved into their mid-30s and early 40s, bought homes in the suburbs and raised families, they discovered that they could relate to the stories told in country music. It was not just for people who grew up on farms and in rural areas. Country music stations in Glens Falls, Utica, the Hudson Valley and even Springfield, Massachusetts, owe some debt to WGNA's success and/or influence in those areas.
Nationally, WGNA has been a nominee several times for the "Medium Market Station of the Year" award at both the Country Music Association Awards and by the Academy of Country Music. R.E. "Buzz" Brindle was nominated in 2005 for Radio & Records's "Country Program Director Of The Year" award. In terms of air talent, afternoon personality Kevin Richards was the winner of the CMA's 2006 Medium Market Personality of the Year award.  As well as morning show hosts, Sean McMaster and Richie Phillips winning the CMA Personality of the year award in 2000, and a couple New York State Broadcasters Awards for Personality of the year.
WGNA-FM has been the #1 station (12+, 25-54 adults) in most ratings trends and books in the Albany market though WGY, WFLY, WRVE, WPYX and WYJB have all unseated WGNA from this position on various occasions. Despite attempts by competitors, such as WCDA/WPTR-FM (96.3 FM) in the mid-to-late 1990s, Galaxy Communications' WEGQ (93.7 The Eagle) from 2004 to 2005, Pamal's simulcast of WFFG-FM (Froggy 107.1) on its Albany 104.9 FM signal in 2005, and most recently, Pamal's second attempt at a country format (also on 104.9 FM and later moving to WKLI-FM 100.9, as The Cat), WGNA-FM has faced little significant direct competition on the country music front.
During the late summer and fall months, WGNA-FM formerly aired New York Jets football games during conflicts when WTMM-FM was playing a New York Yankees game until the 2018 season, when New York Jets conflicts moved to WQSH; prior to the 2011 season however, WGNA-FM was the main home for the New York Jets.
Every year, most recently at the Altamont Fairgrounds in Altamont, WGNA hosts a major festival known as the WGNA CountryFest which attracts a crowd of nearly 30,000 country music fans. Previous CountryFests have been at the Saratoga Race Course in Saratoga Springs.
WGNA-FM has been licensed for HD Radio operations since 2006, operating HD-2 and HD-3 sub-channels.  The HD-3 sub-channel is leased to the Sound of Life Radio Christian radio network for their translator, W235AY.Prototype filters are electronic filter designs that are used as a template to produce a modified filter design for a particular application.  They are an example of  a nondimensionalised design from which the desired filter can be scaled or transformed. They are most often seen in regard to electronic filters and especially linear analogue passive filters.  However, in principle, the method can be applied to any kind of linear filter or signal processing, including mechanical, acoustic and optical filters.
Filters are required to operate at many different frequencies, impedances and bandwidths. The utility of a prototype filter comes from the property that all these other filters can be derived from it by applying a scaling factor to the components of the prototype. The filter design need thus only be carried out once in full, with other filters being obtained by simply applying a scaling factor.
Especially useful is the ability to transform from one bandform to another. In this case, the transform is more than a simple scale factor.  Bandform here is meant to indicate the category of passband that the filter possesses. The usual bandforms are lowpass, highpass, bandpass and bandstop, but others are possible.  In particular, it is possible for a filter to have multiple passbands. In fact, in some treatments, the bandstop filter is considered to be a type of multiple passband filter having two passbands. Most commonly, the prototype filter is expressed as a lowpass filter, but other techniques are possible.
The prototype is most often a low-pass filter with a 3 dB corner frequency of angular frequency ωc′ = 1 rad/s.  Occasionally, frequency f′ = 1 Hz is used instead of ωc′ = 1.  Likewise, the nominal or characteristic impedance of the filter is set to R′ = 1 Ω.
In principle, any non-zero frequency point on the filter response could be used as a reference for the prototype design.  For example, for filters with ripple in the passband, the corner frequency is usually defined as the highest frequency at maximum ripple rather than 3 dB.  Another case is in image parameter filters (an older design method than the more modern network synthesis filters) which use the cut-off frequency rather than the 3 dB point since cut-off is a well-defined point in this type of filter.
The prototype filter can only be used to produce other filters of the same class[n 1] and order.[n 2] For instance, a fifth-order Bessel filter prototype can be converted into any other fifth-order Bessel filter, but it cannot be transformed into a third-order Bessel filter or a fifth-order Chebyshev filter.
A passive lumped low-pass prototype filter of fifth order and the T-topology might have the reactance:
To convert them to 50 Ohm multiply the given values by 50. To get the part value convert at the desired cut-off frequency (corner frequency).
Example: The resistance shall be 75 Ohm and the corner frequency shall be 2 MHz.
Filter types with adjustable ripple can not be easily tabulated as such as they depend on more than just the impedance and frequency.
The prototype filter is scaled to the frequency required with the following transformation:
i
ω
→

(



ω

c

′


ω

c




)

i
ω


{\displaystyle i\omega \to \left({\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}'}{\omega _{\text{c}}}}\right)i\omega }
where ωc′ is the value of the frequency parameter (e.g. cut-off frequency) for the prototype and ωc is the desired value.  So if ωc′ = 1 then the transfer function of the filter is transformed as:
A
(
i
ω
)
→
A

(

i


ω

ω

c





)



{\displaystyle A(i\omega )\to A\left(i{\frac {\omega }{\omega _{\text{c}}}}\right)}
It can readily be seen that to achieve this, the non-resistive components of the filter must be transformed by:
L
→



ω

c

′


ω

c





L


{\displaystyle L\to {\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}'}{\omega _{\text{c}}}}\,L}

  and,   



C
→



ω

c

′


ω

c





C


{\displaystyle C\to {\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}'}{\omega _{\text{c}}}}\,C}
Impedance scaling is invariably a scaling to a fixed resistance.  This is because the terminations of the filter, at least nominally, are taken to be a fixed resistance.  To carry out this scaling to a nominal impedance R, each impedance element of the filter is transformed by:
Z
→


R

R
′




Z


{\displaystyle Z\to {\frac {R}{R'}}\,Z}
It may be more convenient on some elements to scale the admittance instead:
Y
→



R
′

R



Y


{\displaystyle Y\to {\frac {R'}{R}}\,Y}
It can readily be seen that to achieve this, the non-resistive components of the filter must be scaled as:
L
→


R

R
′




L


{\displaystyle L\to {\frac {R}{R'}}\,L}

    and,    



C
→



R
′

R



C


{\displaystyle C\to {\frac {R'}{R}}\,C}
Impedance scaling by itself has no effect on the transfer function of the filter (providing that the terminating impedances have the same scaling applied to them). However, it is usual to combine the frequency and impedance scaling into a single step:[1]
L
→




ω

c

′


ω

c







R

R
′




L


{\displaystyle L\to \,{\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}'}{\omega _{\text{c}}}}\,{\frac {R}{R'}}\,L}

  and,   



C
→




ω

c

′


ω

c








R
′

R



C


{\displaystyle C\to \,{\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}'}{\omega _{\text{c}}}}\,{\frac {R'}{R}}\,C}
In general, the bandform of a filter is transformed by replacing iω where it occurs in the transfer function with a function of iω.  This in turn leads to the transformation of the impedance components of the filter into some other component(s).  The frequency scaling above is a trivial case of bandform transformation corresponding to a lowpass to lowpass transformation.
The frequency transformation required in this case is:[2]
i
ω


ω

c

′



→



ω

c



i
ω





{\displaystyle {\frac {i\omega }{\omega _{\text{c}}'}}\to {\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}}{i\omega }}}
where ωc is the point on the highpass filter corresponding to ωc′ on the prototype.  The transfer function then transforms as:
A
(
i
ω
)
→
A

(




ω

c




ω

c

′



i
ω



)



{\displaystyle A(i\omega )\to A\left({\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}\,\omega _{\text{c}}'}{i\omega }}\right)}
Inductors are transformed into capacitors according to,
L
′

→
C
=


1


ω

c




ω

c

′



L
′






{\displaystyle L'\to C={\frac {1}{\omega _{\text{c}}\,\omega _{\text{c}}'\,L'}}}
and capacitors are transformed into inductors,
C
′

→
L
=


1


ω

c




ω

c

′



C
′






{\displaystyle C'\to L={\frac {1}{\omega _{\text{c}}\,\omega _{\text{c}}'\,C'}}}
the primed quantities being the component value in the prototype.
In this case, the required frequency transformation is:[3]
i
ω


ω

c

′



→
Q

(




i
ω


ω

0




+



ω

0



i
ω




)



{\displaystyle {\frac {i\omega }{\omega _{\text{c}}'}}\to Q\left({\frac {i\omega }{\omega _{0}}}+{\frac {\omega _{0}}{i\omega }}\right)}
where Q is the Q-factor and is equal to the inverse of the fractional bandwidth:[4]
Q
=



ω

0



Δ
ω





{\displaystyle Q={\frac {\omega _{0}}{\Delta \omega }}}
If ω1 and ω2 are the lower and upper frequency points (respectively) of the bandpass response corresponding to ωc′ of the prototype, then,
Δ
ω
=

ω

2


−

ω

1





{\displaystyle \Delta \omega =\omega _{2}-\omega _{1}\,}

   and    




ω

0


=



ω

1



ω

2






{\displaystyle \omega _{0}={\sqrt {\omega _{1}\omega _{2}}}}
Δω is the absolute bandwidth, and ω0 is the resonant frequency of the resonators in the filter.  Note that frequency scaling the prototype prior to lowpass to bandpass transformation does not affect the resonant frequency, but instead affects the final bandwidth of the filter.
The transfer function of the filter is transformed according to:
A
(
i
ω
)
→
A

(


ω

c

′

Q

[




i
ω


ω

0




+



ω

0



i
ω




]


)



{\displaystyle A(i\omega )\to A\left(\omega _{\text{c}}'Q\left[{\frac {i\omega }{\omega _{0}}}+{\frac {\omega _{0}}{i\omega }}\right]\right)}
Inductors are transformed into series resonators,
L
′

→
L
=




ω

c

′

Q


ω

0





L
′


,

C
=


1


ω

0



ω

c

′

Q





1

L
′





{\displaystyle L'\to L={\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}'Q}{\omega _{0}}}L'\,,\,C={\frac {1}{\omega _{0}\omega _{\text{c}}'Q}}{\frac {1}{L'}}}
and capacitors are transformed into parallel resonators,
C
′

→
C
=




ω

c

′

Q


ω

0





C
′


‖

L
=


1


ω

0



ω

c

′

Q





1

C
′





{\displaystyle C'\to C={\frac {\omega _{c}'Q}{\omega _{0}}}C'\,\lVert \,L={\frac {1}{\omega _{0}\omega _{\text{c}}'Q}}{\frac {1}{C'}}}
The required frequency transformation for lowpass to bandstop is:[5]
ω

c

′


i
ω



→
Q

(




i
ω


ω

0




+




ω

0



i
ω





)



{\displaystyle {\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}'}{i\omega }}\to Q\left({\frac {i\omega }{\omega _{0}}}+{\dfrac {\omega _{0}}{i\omega }}\right)}
Inductors are transformed into parallel resonators,
L
′

→
L
=



ω

c

′



ω

0


Q




L
′


‖

C
=


Q


ω

0



ω

c

′






1

L
′





{\displaystyle L'\to L={\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}'}{\omega _{0}Q}}L'\,\lVert \,C={\frac {Q}{\omega _{0}\omega _{\text{c}}'}}{\frac {1}{L'}}}
and capacitors are transformed into series resonators,
C
′

→
C
=



ω

c

′



ω

0


Q




C
′


,

L
=


Q


ω

0



ω

c

′






1

C
′





{\displaystyle C'\to C={\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}'}{\omega _{0}Q}}C'\,,\,L={\frac {Q}{\omega _{0}\omega _{\text{c}}'}}{\frac {1}{C'}}}
Filters with multiple passbands may be obtained by applying the general transformation:
ω

c

′


i
ω



→



1


Q

1



(





i
ω


ω

01





+




ω

01



i
ω





)





+



1


Q

2



(





i
ω


ω

02





+




ω

02



i
ω





)





+
⋯


{\displaystyle {\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}'}{i\omega }}\to {\dfrac {1}{Q_{1}\left({\dfrac {i\omega }{\omega _{01}}}+{\dfrac {\omega _{01}}{i\omega }}\right)}}+{\dfrac {1}{Q_{2}\left({\dfrac {i\omega }{\omega _{02}}}+{\dfrac {\omega _{02}}{i\omega }}\right)}}+\cdots }
The number of resonators in the expression corresponds to the number of passbands required. Lowpass and highpass filters can be viewed as special cases of the resonator expression with one or the other of the terms becoming zero as appropriate. Bandstop filters can be regarded as a combination of a lowpass and a highpass filter. Multiple bandstop filters can always be expressed in terms of a multiple bandpass filter. In this way it, can be seen that this transformation represents the general case for any bandform, and all the other transformations are to be viewed as special cases of it.
The same response can equivalently be obtained, sometimes with a more convenient component topology, by transforming to multiple stopbands instead of multiple passbands.  The required transformation in those cases is:
i
ω


ω

c

′



→



1


Q

1



(





i
ω


ω

01





+




ω

01



i
ω





)





+



1


Q

2



(





i
ω


ω

02





+




ω

02



i
ω





)





+
⋯


{\displaystyle {\frac {i\omega }{\omega _{c}'}}\to {\dfrac {1}{Q_{1}\left({\dfrac {i\omega }{\omega _{01}}}+{\dfrac {\omega _{01}}{i\omega }}\right)}}+{\dfrac {1}{Q_{2}\left({\dfrac {i\omega }{\omega _{02}}}+{\dfrac {\omega _{02}}{i\omega }}\right)}}+\cdots }
In his treatment of image filters, Zobel provided an alternative basis for constructing a prototype which is not based in the frequency domain.[6]  The Zobel prototypes do not, therefore, correspond to any particular bandform, but they can be transformed into any of them. Not giving special significance to any one bandform makes the method more mathematically pleasing; however, it is not in common use.
The Zobel prototype considers filter sections, rather than components. That is, the transformation is carried out on a two-port network rather than a two-terminal inductor or capacitor. The transfer function is expressed in terms of the product of the series impedance, Z, and the shunt admittance Y of a filter half-section. See the article Image impedance for a description of half-sections. This quantity is nondimensional, adding to the prototype's generality. Generally, ZY is a complex quantity,
Z
Y
=
U
+
i
V




{\displaystyle ZY=U+iV\,\!}

 and as U and V are both, in general, functions of ω we should properly write,
Z
Y
=
U
(
ω
)
+
i
V
(
ω
)


{\displaystyle ZY=U(\omega )+iV(\omega )}
With image filters, it is possible to obtain filters of different classes from the constant k filter prototype by means of a different kind of transformation (see composite image filter), constant k being those filters for which Z/Y is a constant. For this reason, filters of all classes are given in terms of U(ω) for a constant k, which is notated as,
Z
Y
=

U

k


(
ω
)
+
i

V

k


(
ω
)


{\displaystyle ZY=U_{k}(\omega )+iV_{k}(\omega )}
In the case of dissipationless networks, i.e. no resistors, the quantity V(ω) is zero and only U(ω) need be considered.  Uk(ω) ranges from 0 at the centre of the passband to −1 at the cut-off frequency and then continues to increase negatively into the stopband regardless of the bandform of the filter being designed.  To obtain the required bandform, the following transforms are used:
For a lowpass constant k prototype that is scaled:
R

0


=
1

,


ω

c


=
1


{\displaystyle R_{0}=1\,,\,\omega _{\text{c}}=1}
the independent variable of the response plot is,
U

k


(
ω
)
=
−

ω

2






{\displaystyle U_{k}(\omega )=-\omega ^{2}\,\!}
The bandform transformations from this prototype are,
for lowpass,




U

k


(
ω
)
→


(



i
ω


ω

c




)


2




{\displaystyle U_{k}(\omega )\to \left({\frac {i\omega }{\omega _{\text{c}}}}\right)^{2}}
for highpass,




U

k


(
ω
)
→


(



ω

c



i
ω



)


2




{\displaystyle U_{k}(\omega )\to \left({\frac {\omega _{\text{c}}}{i\omega }}\right)^{2}}
and for bandpass,




U

k


(
ω
)
→

Q

2




(




i
ω


ω

0




+



ω

0



i
ω




)


2




{\displaystyle U_{k}(\omega )\to Q^{2}\left({\frac {i\omega }{\omega _{0}}}+{\frac {\omega _{0}}{i\omega }}\right)^{2}}

Paras Nath Rajwade  (born 19 August 1962) is an Indian politician, he was MLA of Bhatgaon, Chhattisgarh from The Indian National Congress.[1][2]
On 14 July 2020, he became Parliamentary secretary, appointed by Government of Chhattisgarh.[3]
In the year 2013, he became an MLA in the Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly for the first time from Bhatgaon (Vidhan Sabha constituency).[4][5]
Paras Nath Rajwade on Facebook

This article about an Indian National Congress politician from Chhattisgarh is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.This is a list of commercial banks in Sudan, as updated by late 2024 by the Central Bank of Sudan.[1]
Al Jazeera Sudanese Jordanian BankOdd Solli (8 August 1924 – 29 March 2007) was a Norwegian bobsledder. He was born in Stabekk. He competed at the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo, where he placed 20th in men's two, together with Arne Røgden, and 11th in men's four.[1]

This biographical article relating to bobsleigh in Norway is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Heizhu Valley (simplified Chinese: 黑竹沟; traditional Chinese: 黑竹溝, literally "The Black Bamboo Valley") is a popular tourist attraction, located in Sichuan Province in southwest China. It occupies about 180 km2, bridging the Sichuan Basin and West Sichuan Plateau. The tourist business is maintained by Sichuan Heizhu Group Tourist Development Co., Ltd.


This Sichuan location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1951 Stephen F. Austin Lumberjacks football team represented Stephen F. Austin State College—now known as Stephen F. Austin State University—as a member of the Lone Star Conference (LSC) during the 1951 college football season. Led by fifth-year head coach Ted Jefferies, the Lumberjacks compiled an overall record of 4–4–1 with a mark of 2–3 in conference play, tying for fourth place in the LSC.[1]
[11]

This college football 1950s season article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article related to sports in Texas is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The molecular formula C18H25NO2 (molar mass: 287.40 g/mol, exact mass: 287.1885 u) may refer to:Blackhawk is the eponymous fictional character of the long-running comic book series Blackhawk first published by Quality Comics and later by DC Comics. Primarily created by Chuck Cuidera with input from both Bob Powell and Will Eisner,[1] the Blackhawk characters first appeared in Military Comics #1 (August 1941).[2]
Led by a mysterious man known as Blackhawk, the Blackhawks (or more formally, the Blackhawk Squadron) are a small team of World War II-era ace pilots of varied nationalities, each typically known under a single name, either their given name or their surname. Though the membership roster has undergone changes over the years, the team has been portrayed most consistently as having seven core members.[3]
In their most well-known incarnation, the Blackhawks operate from a hidden base known only as Blackhawk Island, fly Grumman XF5F Skyrocket fighter aircraft, and shout their battle cry of "Hawk-a-a-a!" as they descend from the skies to fight tyranny and oppression. Clad in matching blue and black uniforms (with Blackhawk himself boasting a hawk insignia on his chest), early stories pitted the team against the Axis powers, but they would also come to battle recurring foes such as King Condor and Killer Shark, as well as encounter an array of gorgeous and deadly femmes fatale. They also frequently squared off against fantastical war machines ranging from amphibious "shark planes" and flying tanks, to the aptly named War Wheel, a gigantic rolling behemoth adorned with spikes and machine guns.
At the height of his popularity in the early 1940s, Blackhawk titles routinely outsold every other comic book but Superman.[4] Blackhawk also shares the distinction of being just one of five comic book characters to be published continuously in their own titles from the 1940s up to the 1960s (the others being Superman, Batman, Wonder Woman, and The Phantom).
The comic book series has spawned a film serial in 1952 which starred Kirk Alyn as Blackhawk himself, a radio series, a novel, and has been announced as a forthcoming Steven Spielberg feature film. A grounded version of Blackhawk named Ted Gaynor appeared on television in the first season of the Arrowverse series Arrow, played by Ben Browder.
Like many of his golden age and silver age comic book counterparts, the creation of Blackhawk has been the subject of sometimes-contentious debate. Will Eisner has at times been considered the characters' primary creator, with Eisner himself acknowledging the contributions of Chuck Cuidera and writer Bob Powell.[5]
Over the years, Cuidera became increasingly vocal that he did much more work on Blackhawk than Eisner and that he had in fact already started creating the characters prior to joining Eisner's studio.[6] According to Cuidera, he and Powell fleshed out the concept, deciding on everything from names and nationalities, to the characters' distinguishing traits, uniforms, and the aircraft they would fly.[7]
In 1999, Eisner addressed his view of the matter during a Comic-Con panel:
It's not important who created it...it's the guy who kept it going, and made something out if it that's more important. Whether or not Chuck Cuidera created or thought of Blackhawk to begin with is unimportant. The fact that Chuck Cuidera made Blackhawk what it was is the important thing, and therefore, he should get the credit.[8]
The Blackhawks debuted in August 1941 as the lead feature in the first issue of Quality Comics' anthology series Military Comics, billed as featuring "stories of the Army and Navy". Viewed by Will Eisner as "a modern version of the Robin Hood legend",[7] the team's first appearance was co-written by Chuck Cuidera and Bob Powell, with art by Cuidera.[1] Although the exact nature of Eisner, Cuidera, and Powell's individual contributions to the creation of the Blackhawks will never be known, it is confirmed that each performed some level of writing duties at different times during the first eleven issues, with Eisner working on early covers with Cuidera and Cuidera providing interior artwork.[1][7]
When Cuidera joined the armed services in 1942, Reed Crandall took over as artist, beginning a long association with the characters that would last until 1953.[9] Jim Steranko has observed, "where Cuidera made Blackhawk a best-seller, Crandall turned it into a classic, a work of major importance and lasting value".[7] It was during Crandall's run that the series hit its sales and popularity zenith.
The Blackhawks' success earned them their own title in Winter 1944. That issue, Blackhawk #9, picked up the numbering of Quality's canceled Uncle Sam Quarterly. They meanwhile continued to be featured prominently in Military Comics, later renamed Modern Comics, until that book's cancellation with #102 (October 1950).
During the Quality years, a whole host of well-respected talent worked on the character, including writers Manly Wade Wellman, Bill Woolfolk, Bill Finger, and Dick French,[10] as well as artists Al Bryant, Bill Ward, and Dick Dillin.
It was French, also an accomplished songwriter, who infused the team with the quirky desire to sing celebratory songs from their cockpits as they swooped in and out of battle.[11]
Quality Comics ceased operations with comics cover-dated December 1956, with Blackhawk #107 being the final issue published by Quality. The character and title trademarks were initially leased on a royalty basis to National Periodical Publications (now DC Comics) before eventually being sold in their entirety.[11]
Blackhawk was one of the few Quality series that DC chose to keep running uninterrupted. Penciller Dick Dillin and inker Chuck Cuidera remained on the title, ensuring a near-seamless transition. The duo would stay with the title through nearly its entire first run at DC.
Steering deeper and deeper into the realm of science fiction, the Blackhawks found themselves confronting a steady stream of unmemorable and mostly one-off supervillain-like adversaries bent on world domination.
The Blackhawks also gained a new ally in Blackhawk #133 (February 1959): Lady Blackhawk, a pilot named Zinda Blake who was determined to become the first female member of the team. After a couple of appearances, she was granted honorary status and became a semi-frequent member of the supporting cast.
In an effort to update the characters, DC gave the team its first ever major wardrobe overhaul in Blackhawk #197 (June 1964), replacing their longtime uniforms with red and black shirts and green pants. On a dramatic level, Lady Blackhawk was transformed into a supervillain, Queen Killer Shark, in Blackhawk #200 (September 1964).
Then, in a much more drastic attempt to combat flagging sales due to the rising popularity of superhero books and the Batman TV series, DC proclaimed with Blackhawk #228 (January 1967) the beginning of "the New Blackhawk Era" with a cover featuring Justice League of America members Superman, Batman, Green Lantern, and the Flash observing that the Blackhawks are (in Superman's words) "washed up" and (in Batman's words) "junk-heap heroes". In the issues that followed, all but Blackhawk gained a costumed superhero alter ego at the behest of a shadowy government agency.
With sales continuing to sink, the Blackhawks were restored to something that more closely resembled their original roots in Blackhawk #242 (August 1968), losing the superhero identities in favor of their traditional blue and black uniforms. It was too late though; the comic was canceled for the first time one issue later.
Just over seven years later, DC Comics resurrected the series with Blackhawk #244 (January 1976) as part of an ongoing mid-1970s expansion of the line dubbed "Conway's Corner" in house ads. The Blackhawks were transplanted to the 1970s and now portrayed as mercenaries-for-hire, matching wits against fancifully bizarre new villains, as well as a re-imagined Killer Shark and War Wheel. This run ended with Blackhawk #250 (January 1977).
Amid rampant rumors that Steven Spielberg was interested in Blackhawk as a possible film project, DC Comics once again resumed the series. Initially conceived as being published quarterly, editor Len Wein convinced DC to make the book monthly and eventually assembled a team that included writer Mark Evanier and artist Dan Spiegle.[12] Blackhawk #251 (October 1982) returned the team to a World War II setting and restored many of the familiar trappings that had been shed over the years during the various attempts to modernize the characters. Numerous new supporting characters were introduced during the run, most notably Domino, a buxom Nazi assassin and love interest to Blackhawk who was reminiscent of the femmes fatales so common during the Quality Comics era. Evanier also reintroduced arch-villain Killer Shark, and has said he would have likely added Lady Blackhawk to the cast had the series lasted longer.[12] But faced with stagnant sales that Evanier attributed largely to DC's lack of interest in publicizing the series,[12] the book was canceled with Blackhawk #273 (November 1984). Though it wouldn't be known at the time, that issue would mark the definitive end of the series' original issue numbering.
Sometime after the cancellation, DC employed writer Bill DuBay and artist Carmine Infantino to produce a Blackhawk mini-series. Though never published, numerous finished pages exist.[13]
In 1988, a three-issue mini-series by Howard Chaykin re-imagined the team during World War II yet again, this time with a notably more adult and gritty take on the characters. Chaykin, for the most part, eschewed the team dynamic so familiar to Blackhawk readers, instead crafting a politically charged espionage thriller that focused prominently on Blackhawk and a new version of Lady Blackhawk. Post-war stories respecting Chaykin's continuity followed in Action Comics Weekly #601–608, #615–622, and #628–635, as well as in a monthly series that restarted with an issue #1 and ran 16 issues from March 1989 to August 1990.[14]
In 1992, DC Comics published Blackhawk Special #1. Still respecting Chaykin's continuity and set 10 years after the events of Blackhawk #16, the story spans a five-year period as Blackhawk seeks to avenge the death of team member André.
Since 1992, mostly modern hints of the team have appeared, usually in the form of the "Blackhawk Express" courier service or the time-displaced Lady Blackhawk. One of the best examples of this is the 1990s appearance of team member Chop-Chop in a few issues of DC's Hawkworld series.
Other Blackhawk air pilot groups have been shown during present time or alternate future events such as Our Worlds At War and Kingdom Come. It is unknown which connection beyond homage and inspiration, if any, those groups have to the classic Blackhawks. Blackhawk at this time is an extension of Checkmate.
DC Comics reprinted the Blackhawk features from the first 17 issues of Military Comics in The Blackhawk Archives Volume 1 (2001) as part of its hardcover DC Archive Editions series.
Blackhawk made an appearance in The Brave and the Bold (Vol. 3) #9 (February 2008), teaming up with the Boy Commandos during a World War II tale.
The Blackhawks appeared in Superman & Batman: Generations 2, in which they help Superman, Spectre, and Hawkman battle a robot during the war. During the battle, Chuck sacrifices himself to destroy a missile.  During the same storyline in 1997, a heroine named Blackhawk appears, battling Sinestro. According to John Byrne's liner notes in Generations 3 #1, this character is Janet Hall, the granddaughter of the original Blackhawk, as well as Hawkman (Carter Hall) and Hawkgirl (Shiera Sanders).
In September 2011 as part of its New 52 publishing revamp, DC Comics launched a monthly series titled Blackhawks with no direct ties to the previous incarnations. The book is set in the present day with no appearances by, or mention of, prior Blackhawks, although there is a new version of the Lady Blackhawk character. The book shares the setting of the rebooted DC Universe continuity set up in the Flashpoint mini-series.[15][16] The series ended with Blackhawks #8 (April 2012) to make way for a "second wave" of New 52 titles.[17]
"History has proven that whenever liberty is smothered and men lie crushed beneath oppression; there always rises a man to defend the helpless...liberate the enslaved and crush the tyrant...Such a man is Blackhawk...Out of the ruins of Europe and out of the hopeless mass of defeated people he comes, smashing the evil before him..."
With the overwhelming forces of Nazi Germany flooding into Poland in September, 1939, only the Polish Air Force remains as the last major line of resistance. Captain von Tepp and his Butcher Squadron swarm the skies in response, outnumbering the Polish four to one. The Germans decimate their foes until just one lone plane — painted jet black — remains. After gallantly shooting down six Nazi planes, the mysterious pilot is forced to crash land on the countryside. Running to a nearby farmhouse, he's tracked from the air by von Tepp, who drops a bomb and destroys the building. The pilot locates his dead sister and mortally wounded brother inside. He vows to kill von Tepp before disappearing into the darkness.
Months later, with most of Europe collapsing under the might of the Nazis, the pilot reemerges with his own private squadron and "like an angel of vengeance, Blackhawk and his men swoop down out of nowhere, their guns belching death, and on their lips the dreaded song of the Blackhawks".[18]
In France, Captain von Tepp receives a note from Blackhawk demanding the release of one of Blackhawk's men or face death. Infuriated, von Tepp orders the prisoner's execution by firing squad. At dawn, the man and two others, including a cool-headed English Red Cross nurse (identified as "Ann" in Military Comics #3), are lined against a wall and mocked by von Tepp. As his men prepare to fire, the song of the Blackhawks fills the air:
Over land, over sea,We fight to make men free,Of danger we don't care...We're Blackhawks![18]
With the Blackhawks lining the walls of the courtyard, Blackhawk himself confronts von Tepp. After a brief skirmish, von Tepp is abducted and flown to the Blackhawks' secret base in the Atlantic Ocean, Blackhawk Island. It's there that Blackhawk challenges the Nazi captain to an aerial duel. During the ensuring dogfight, both of the men's planes are crippled and forced to crash. On the ground, von Tepp and Blackhawk, both badly injured, draw guns. Von Tepp falls in a hail of bullets.
Blackhawk's team is mostly depicted in Military Comics #1 as shadowy, nondescript soldiers, save for an Englishman named Baker who's never seen or mentioned again. Military Comics #2 (September 1941) expands the role of the team in the featured adventure and introduces five members: Stanislaus, André, Olaf, Hendrick (Hendrickson within a few issues), and Zeg. A sixth, Boris, is also shown, but, like Baker, only makes a single appearance. The designer of their planes, Vladim, is also mentioned.
By Military Comics #3 (October 1941), the roster is firmed up and it's stated that seven men belong to the team. The group also receives a Chinese mascot and cook, Chop-Chop, when his plane happens to crash on Blackhawk Island during a desperate run for help. The adventure concludes with the first on-page death of a team member: André, who seemingly perishes in an avalanche that buries a large group of Nazis. In Military Comics #9 (April 1942), the roster is down to five plus Chop-Chop, with Zeg presumably the absent member. In that adventure, the team crosses paths with the mysterious Man in the Iron Mask; André, in fact, now horribly disfigured, but still an enemy of the Nazis.
The most familiar version of the team is finally locked down in Military Comics #11 (August 1942) shown as consisting of Blackhawk, Olaf, Chuck, André (his face now reconstructed), Stanislaus, Hendrickson, and Chop-Chop.
In Blackhawk #50 (March 1952), the team's origin is documented.[19] Blackhawk himself is no longer identified as being Polish, but rather a Polish-American who is a volunteer flyer in the Polish Air Force. His sidekick in the squadron is Stanislaus, a "brilliant young student" from the University of Warsaw. After facing defeat against the Nazis, Blackhawk attempts to flee to Russia, only to discover that Russian forces are invading from the east. He then seeks refuge in England where he attempts to join the Royal Air Force. It's in London where he and Stanislaus reunite and then meet the four others who will ultimately join them in their crusade: Chuck, another American volunteer; Hendrickson, a recent escapee from a Nazi concentration camp; Olaf, a Swede who had fought for Finland against the Russians; and André, a "valiant Frenchman". The six men wait to enlist in the R.A.F., but because none are British subjects, they are "held up by miles of red tape". Finally, Blackhawk suggests they strike out on their own. They pool their resources and buy planes, setting up a base of operations first on a small island in the Atlantic Ocean, then later in the Pacific. They're eventually joined by Chop-Chop, described in this account as having "fled from China when the Japanese overpowered the Nationalist army". Chop-Chop first acts as the team's cook, but in time becomes an expert pilot and full member of the team.
After the Crisis on Infinite Earths, Blackhawk is once again Polish by birth and now given a definitive name, Janos Prohaska. Having joined the Polish Air Force at a young age, he had already become a national hero by 1936 alongside his trusted friends Stanislaus Drozdowski and Kazimierc "Zeg" Zegota-Januszajtis. Prior to the outbreak of World War II, the trio travel across Europe, providing freelance service and even fighting for a time in the Spanish Civil War as members of the Communist party.[20]
At one point finding himself in America in hopes of gathering funds to build a European resistance group, Prohaska is framed for a series of murders. With the help of the Sandman, he's ultimately exonerated, but a report soon surfaces that he has been shot down and killed by Nazis somewhere in the Mediterranean.[21]
When the forces of Nazi Germany invade Poland in 1939, Prohaska returns home to help defend his homeland. He's unable to save his younger siblings, Józek and Staszka, and soon forced to flee to Britain with Stanislaus and Zeg. It's there he meets the others who will form the foundation of the Blackhawk Squadron.
In the midst of the war, Prohaska finds himself under suspicion by the U.S. government for his Communist ties. Around this same time, the Blackhawks are joined by Captain Natalie Reed (born Natalie Gurdin), a brilliant Russian-American flight engineer who redesigns the Blackhawks' aircraft and is dubbed Lady Blackhawk by the U.S. press. It's with her help that Prohaska is able to stop Nazi agent and onetime Hollywood actor Death Mayhew from detonating an atomic bomb in New York City. The victory restores Blackhawk's reputation.[22]
In 2011, the entire line of DC Comics was rebooted as part of "The New 52". In this new version the Blackhawks are an elite covert military unit taking care of High Technology Criminals. During this period their main mission was to deal with terrorist group "Mother Machine". During this storyline their cover is exposed and their existence becomes known to the public and the team must deal with the backlash as well.[23]
In Dark Nights: Metal #1, Kendra Saunders is introduced as Lady Blackhawk, she is now the leader of the Blackhawks, an anti-apocalyptic team with the mission to prevent the Dark Multiverse from destroying Earth-0. She also introduces the Blackhawk Island, a place where cosmic energy conducted through the earth's metal core cancels itself out, creating a kind of static that disrupts space-time, the Island served as well for many years as a base of operations for Hawkman and Hawkgirl.
Lady Blackhawk and the Blackhawks are featured in All-Star Batman second arc, "Ends of Earth", they are seen hounding Batman, and they are shown to possesses an armor that has the ability to track eye-line movement, the armor also turns them invisible.
After a period of membership fluctuations during the first 10 issues of Military Comics, the team finally settles into its most famous roster. Although minor character details would shift and change over time, this original version of the team would stay largely intact from the characters' debut in 1941 to the end of their first run in 1968. At one point or another, every member of the team except Blackhawk is depicted in ways stereotypical for the time, and over the course of the series several would develop their own catchphrases.
Other short-term members are Baker, an Englishman, and Boris, a Russian. Both characters only make single panel appearances. Zeg, Polish like Blackhawk and Stanislaus, manages to last a bit longer, but is gone by the Blackhawk's ninth appearance in Military Comics.
A significant ally to the team throughout the 1940s is Miss Fear, who never formally joins the group but appears frequently during their Asian missions, developing a romantic interest in Blackhawk himself.
The strip's most significant supporting character is Zinda Blake, also known as Lady Blackhawk. After a failed attempt to become the team's first female member,[27] she is eventually awarded honorary status and makes numerous appears from 1959 to 1968, even becoming the villainess Queen Killer Shark for a time.
The team acquires an animal mascot in the 1950s, Blackie the hawk. Possessing remarkable intelligence he can type notes in plain English, among other skills and fitted with his own miniature belt radio, he's often shown perched on Blackhawk's shoulder.
"It's fact, sir – the Blackhawks are washed-up has-beens, out of date antiques, a danger to national security! To put it bluntly... they just don't swing!"
When the Blackhawks are proven by the secret spy organization G.E.O.R.G.E. (the Group for Extermination of Organizations of Revenge, Greed, and Evil) to be inept and ineffective as a modern-day fighting force against the evils of the world, the team regroups and dons dramatic new identities that, as the U.S. president happily observes, returns them to their rightful place as one of America's "top trouble-shooting teams".[29] For 14 issues beginning with Blackhawk #228 (January 1967), the Blackhawks become:
The change was very unpopular; in the span of a year, the series lost an average 71,000 readers per issue.[31] The "New Blackhawk Era" ends after just 14 issues when G.E.O.R.G.E. headquarters is unceremoniously destroyed, leaving the Blackhawks with only their classic blue and black uniforms.
When the series resumes in 1976, it features a mercenary team composed of familiar unaged faces. Their origins and place in the DC Universe are never explained, though it is firmly stated that this version of the Blackhawks consists of "the original seven" and surmises that they had "first banded together in the fifties to battle a growing number of costumed villains and foes".[32] The members of the team are described as follows:[32]
Early in the run, Boris - "the eighth Blackhawk", as he refers to himself - reemerges as the super-powered villain Anti-Man, hellbent on destroying the team as revenge for leaving him for dead on a long ago mission. Shown in flashback wearing the Blackhawks' classic blue and black uniform, even then as a member he exhibits surprising aggression toward his teammates.[33]
With Hendrickson left ailing in the final issue of the run, and Chuck seemingly killed in battle, it's possible that big changes were in store for the team's line-up had the series continued past Blackhawk #250. Two possible replacements are set up, either of whom could have also taken the mantle of Lady Blackhawk: Duchess Ramona Fatale (also referred to as "Patch"), a mercenary with questionable allegiances, but harboring love for Blackhawk; and Elsa, Hendrickson's daughter.
With the team's return to a World War II setting, many basic aspects of the original incarnation are restored, complemented by what writer Mark Evanier called "a more contemporary attitude towards characterization".[34] The core members are:
Also introduced during the run is Lieutenant Theodore Gaynor of the United States Marine Corps, who joins the team when Chop-Chop takes a leave of absence to fight the Japanese in China. Gaynor leaves the team after it is learned his hardline stance against the Germans includes the execution of not only Nazi soldiers, but also civilians.
After the Crisis on Infinite Earths rewrites the history of the DC Universe, the Blackhawks' own history, both during World War II and after, undergoes yet more transformation. The members are:
Other early members of the team include Russians Boris Zinoviev and Kazimierc "Zeg" Zegota-Januszajtis, and Englishman Ian Holcomb-Baker, who are "the first to fall in battle".[20] Later team members include African-American Grover Baines, Malaysian Quan Chee Keng (known as "Mairzey"), and Mexican Paco Herrera.
Core members of the Blackhawk Squadron as depicted in the New 52 era:
Throughout the 1940s and well into the 1950s, Chop-Chop provides comic relief in the Blackhawk strip and is depicted as more of a highly exaggerative caricature amid the realistic art style that otherwise surrounds him. Fat, buck-toothed, and orange-skinned, he speaks in broken English, wears a queue hairstyle complete with a bow, and dresses in colorful coolie garb. This depiction, although now considered offensive, was not atypical of World War II-era depictions of Asians especially the Japanese.[36] A popular character at the time, Chop-Chop also appears in his own humor feature in the Blackhawk series from 1946 to 1955.
Even in his very earliest appearances, he demonstrates tremendous competency and bravery, arriving on Blackhawk Island in a plane of his own construction,[37] and then, relatively soon after, is shown fighting right alongside Blackhawk in a hand-to-hand melee.[24] Despite this, he's long portrayed as essentially Blackhawk's sidekick, riding along in Blackhawk's plane as opposed to piloting his own and often brandishing a cleaver in battle.
In 1952, it's firmly stated that he's a full member of the team,[19] and from 1955 to 1964, he slowly transforms into a more realistically drawn character, changes that culminate when the Blackhawks take on a major uniform change for the first time in their history and Chop-Chop finally joins them in his choice of wardrobe.[38] When the team later reverts to their traditional blue and black uniforms, he dons one for the first time.[25]
When the 1980s World War II-set revival of the series begins, Chop-Chop is again shown in a variation of his original outfit (and even clutches a cleaver on the cover of the first issue).[39] It's quickly apparent, however, that the similarities end there and that he's far from comic relief. As the run progresses, it's revealed that he feels slighted by his teammates, not given proper enough respect to even wear the same uniform as them. Realizing their embarrassing oversight, they bestow to him with great ceremony a standard uniform and his own plane to mark him as a respected member of the group.[40]
After DC Comics' company-wide crossover event Crisis on Infinite Earths revamped and streamlined many of DC's properties, Chop-Chop has almost exclusively been depicted with a build similar to his comrades and wearing the Blackhawks' standard uniform. His past likeness and role as sidekick is addressed, shown as a character in a comic book about the Blackhawks, which he finds infuriatingly insulting.[41]
In Blackhawk #263 (October 1983), writer Mark Evanier took over the "Blackhawk Bylines" letter column to address an anonymous editorial written by a staff member of the Richmond Times-Dispatch that ran in the paper's February 6, 1983, edition. Evanier wrote of the piece:
He (let's assume it's a He) complains: "No longer does the Oriental Blackhawk bang no-goodniks on the head with manhole covers, exclaiming: 'Chop-Chop fixee so face look difflunt!'" The writer loves this kind of stuff and then goes on to explain that to not depict Chop-Chop in this manner is the real insult. He writes: "Since Chop-Chop turned up full-grown in 1941, he might well have been born into a village in which the customs of Imperial China still lingered". Referring to the fact that Chop-Chop no longer sports the ponytail: "Dequeueing him demonstrates not 'tolerance' but cultural imperialism...to the extent that a working class Chinese spoke English, it would be pidgin, not the queen's..." Translation: The fat, stupid version was historically accurate".[42]
An admittedly stunned Evanier readily denounced the column, challenging the editorial writer's assertion that Steven Spielberg, at the time rumored to be interested in making a Blackhawk film, should be faithful to the original depiction of Chop-Chop. Evanier wrote that it's amazing to him that "anyone could believe that Chinese folks were really obese and stupid in the forties" or that Spielberg would ignore the box office and "commit professional suicide by so depicting them".[42]
When asked later if the editorial hastened Evanier's own approach to evolving the character, Evanier said he thought he would have pursued the same course regardless, giving the editorial "probably more attention than it deserved".[12]
The Grumman XF5F Skyrocket is the twin-engine fighter most identified with the Blackhawks. The team is nearly always shown flying modified versions of the plane during their World War II adventures and for some time thereafter. As Will Eisner remembered:
So we came up with the idea of using a certain model Grumman airplane, which had a very strange configuration. It had tailfins coming out from under a wing. It also apparently had the capacity to make a rapid takeoff from the deck of an aircraft carrier. It was a Navy plane, as I remember, not an Army Air Force plane. Actually, in real life, it turned out not to be as good a plane as everybody thought it would be, but it sure looked sexy![5]
Additionally, other planes made appearances during the course of strip:
The Blackhawk concept and characters proved to be popular on the international market as well as in the United States. Quality Comics licensed the rights along with many of their other characters to London's Boardman Books, which used them in a series of three-color reprints from 1948 to 1954. Boardman also reprinted Blackhawk stories in their Adventure Annual series of hardcover Christmas publications. Many of the British Blackhawk reprints were repackaged by Boardman art director Denis McLoughlin, who created at least one British original Blackhawk story, as well as the illustrations for several Blackhawk text stories. After Boardman's contract lapsed, Strato Publications launched a square-bound 68-page Blackhawk series which ran for 37 issues between 1956 and 1958.
In Hit Comics #26 (February 1943), Blackhawk participated in an early example of a crossover when fellow Quality Comics character Kid Eternity summons him to stop a mad scientist.
KQCD-TV (channel 7) is a television station in Dickinson, North Dakota, United States, affiliated with NBC and Fox. The station is owned by Gray Media, and maintains a news bureau and advertising sales office on 21st Street East in Dickinson; its transmitter is located near South Heart, North Dakota.
KQCD-TV is part of the four-station NBC North Dakota regional network of NBC affiliates in central and western North Dakota, originating from flagship station KFYR-TV (channel 5) in Bismarck. The NBC North Dakota network relays NBC network and other programming from KFYR-TV across central and western North Dakota, as well as bordering counties in Montana and South Dakota. The four stations along with fellow NBC affiliate KVLY-TV in Fargo often share news stories. Master control and some internal operations of KQCD are based at KFYR-TV's facilities on North 4th Street and East Broadway Avenue in downtown Bismarck. The four stations are counted as a single unit for ratings purposes.
Though identifying as a separate station in its own right, KQCD-TV is a semi-satellite of KFYR-TV in Bismarck. While it airs separate commercials and legal identifications, for most of the day it airs a time-shifted feed of KFYR-TV in Mountain Time. Most of the station's coverage area, including Dickinson itself, is in the Mountain Time Zone, and its prime time schedule starts at 6 p.m. rather than the usual 7 p.m. for its sister stations.
KQCD-TV debuted on January 25, 1980. It was the last station in what was then known as the Meyer Television Network to sign on, and has always been a semi-satellite of KFYR-TV. It replaced K07HN, a low-powered translator of KFYR-TV that had served the area since around 1967.[2][3] Until KQCD's sign-on, KDIX-TV (channel 2, now KXMA-TV) aired a few NBC programs in off-hours.
Longtime owner Marietta Meyer Ekberg sold her broadcast holdings in 1997, with the television stations going to Sunrise Television Corporation. Sunrise sold them to The Wicks Group of Companies of New York City.
Hoak Media bought KFYR-TV, KMOT, KUMV, and KQCD in July 2006, as well as KVLY-TV in Fargo and KSFY in Sioux Falls, South Dakota and its satellite stations. On November 17, 2006, the sale was approved by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).
KQCD picked up MeTV in April 2013, with an official launch date of May 1, 2013.[4]
On November 20, 2013, Gray Television announced it would purchase Hoak Media in a $335 million deal. Gray initially planned, through Excalibur Broadcasting, to also acquire Fox affiliate KNDX/KXND for $7.5 million and operate them under a local marketing agreement.[5] On March 25, 2014, Prime Cities Broadcasting, owner of KNDX/KXND, requested that the FCC dismiss the sale of that station to Excalibur.[6] This came as a result of increased scrutiny of LMAs by the FCC.  Gray would instead acquire the stations' non-license assets,[7] and, upon the closure of the Hoak purchases on June 13, 2014, shut down KNDX/KXND and moved Fox programming to subchannels of KFYR and its satellites.[8]
KQCD once aired partially separate weekday newscasts from KFYR-TV at 6 p.m. and 10 p.m., much like KUMV does today. The first 10 minutes (which included regional news and weather) originated at KFYR, while the remaining 20 minutes were filled by KQCD's own news and sports anchors. All other newscasts originated from KFYR. In 2002, severe cutbacks resulted in KQCD ending its locally focused newscasts. Since then, the only visual evidence that KQCD is a separate station has been its separate commercials and idents.
KQCD's news department was reduced to a single reporter, Cebe Schneider. In 2009, she was joined by Adam Powell as bureau chief. Powell and Schneider's stories aired on KFYR's regional newscasts. They were the only reporters based in southwestern North Dakota. However, they were fired in 2012 due to further cutbacks. KQCD still has a single reporter whose stories air on KFYR.
The stations occasionally share stories with co-owned KVLY-TV. The five stations simulcast major North Dakota sporting events and statewide political debates under the NBC North Dakota brand name and share certain equipment, such as remote broadcasting vehicles. On April 30, 2012, NBC North Dakota began broadcasting its local newscasts in high definition.[9]
The Fox-affiliated subchannel debuted West Dakota Fox News at Nine during October 2014, originating from KFYR's studios in Bismarck.
The station's signal is multiplexed:
KQCD-TV shut down its analog signal, over VHF channel 7, on February 16, 2009, the day prior to the original date on which full-power television stations in the United States were set to transition from analog to digital broadcasts under federal mandate (which was later rescheduled for June 12, 2009). The station's digital signal relocated from its pre-transition UHF channel 18 to VHF channel 7 for post-transition operations.[11][12]
Gray also owned KNDX-LD (channel 38) in Dickinson; this station was acquired alongside the purchase of the non-license assets of KNDX and KXND[7] and thus simulcasts KQCD's Fox-affiliated second subchannel. As of February 4, 2018, KNDX-LD was off the air due to being displaced by T-Mobile.[13] KNDX-LD had been granted a move to channel 28,[14] but Gray Television surrendered KNDX-LD's license to the FCC on October 20, 2020. The FCC canceled the license the same day.L'Annonciation is an unincorporated community in Rivière-Rouge, Quebec, Canada. It is recognized as a designated place by Statistics Canada.
In the 2021 Census of Population conducted by Statistics Canada, L'Annonciation had a population of 1,735 living in 900 of its 973 total private dwellings, a change of 8.6% from its 2016 population of 1,598. With a land area of 10.12 km2 (3.91 sq mi), it had a population density of 171.4/km2 (444.0/sq mi) in 2021.[1]
46°24′36″N 74°52′13″W﻿ / ﻿46.409967°N 74.870320°W﻿ / 46.409967; -74.870320

This Quebec location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Sachin Hindurao Vaze (Vahz-Hay) (born 22 February 1972) is a former Indian police officer who served as an Assistant Police Inspector in Mumbai Police (under the Maharashtra Police). He was dismissed from service by Mumbai Police Commissioner under Article 311 (2) (b) without a departmental enquiry. He is currently in the custody of the National Investigation Agency for his alleged involvement in the Antilia bomb scare and the murder of Mansukh Hiren.[1] He was a member of Shiv Sena.[2]
Vaze was an "encounter specialist" within the Mumbai Encounter Squad; he was involved with extra judicial deaths of as many as 63 alleged criminals, while never being injured in any encounter. He was suspended for 17 years after he was arrested in the custodial death of Khwaja Yunus, but was granted bail and later reinstated in June 2017. He led the Raigad police team in the arrest of Republic TV editor-in-chief, Arnab Goswami. In March 2021, he was arrested again for his role and involvement in the Antilla Bomb Scare. After his arrest, he was suspended once again from police service. He was dismissed from his police position on 11 May 2021.[3]
Vaze was born on 22 February 1972 in Kolhapur, Maharashtra. He joined the State Police Service in 1990.  He was first posted to the Naxal-affected area of Gadchiroli.[4]
In 1992, Vaze was transferred to Thane City Police, where he quickly gained fame for detecting several significant cases. Rising in rank, he eventually headed the Special Squad of the Thane Police and began carrying out encounters in the city, allegedly killing over 60 criminals in the Mumbai-Thane area.This squad, formed around 1997 to address growing extortion demands and open violence, soon became associated with encounter killings.[5]
Subsequently, Vaze was selected to work in the Mumbai Police elite Crime Intelligence Unit (CIU),[6] and along with his mentor Pradeep Sharma, later was transferred to the Anti-Extortion Cell (AE Cell), where his first-ever encounter was recorded.
Vaze's career spanned 30 years, during which he became known for "encounter killings" of 63 alleged criminals, including notorious gangsters like Munna Nepali.[7][8] Vaze also dealt with cases of counterfeit currency and was instrumental in dealing with cases involving film industry personalities.
In 2008, Vaze joined Shiv Sena, a political party in India.[9] However he never renewed his membership so it later "expired".[10]
On 3 March 2004, Vaze and 14 other policemen were suspended on murder charges in the custodial death of Khwaja Yunus, a suspect in the 2002 Ghatkopar bombing case. Vaze subsequently resigned from the police in November 2007 after requests for his reinstatement were rejected by the Maharashtra Government.[11]
On 6 June 2020, Vaze's suspension was revoked by the Maharashtra government led by Uddhav Thackeray, and he was reinstated by Mumbai Police amid a police staff shortage at the height of the COVID-19 pandemic in Maharashtra.[12]
Nationalist Congress Party President Sharad Pawar said that neither Thackeray nor the state home minister Anil Deshmukh were responsible for the reinstatement.[13]
In a press conference, Maharashtra ex-CM Devendra Fadnavis claimed that when he was Chief Minister of Maharashtra in 2018, Shiv Sena asked him to reinstate Vaze, which he disposed after consulting the state Advocate General.[14]
Vaze is also known for his technology and cyber skills. Frequently seen with modern electronics in his hands and pockets, Vaze is known to have solved many serious cybercrimes. He is also believed to have established cellphone interception units and email tracking units of Mumbai Police. Vaze came into the limelight in 1997 when he detected international credit card fraud, which was the first time that a gang of such swindlers was arrested in Asia. Vaze continued this effort in Mumbai in 2001.[15][16] There was conjecture that Vaze was framed in the Khwaja Yunus murder case.[17] Vaze resigned in 2007.[18]
Vaze also released a mobile application called MobiCID. In short order, MobiCID gained the attention of various media sectors.[19][20][21]
On 25 February 2021, a Mahindra Scorpio SUV with fake license plates and around 20 explosive gelatin sticks was parked outside Mumbai businessman Mukesh Ambani's residence Antilia.[22] Vaze was the first investigating officer in the bomb-scare case.[23] The presumed car owner, Mansukh Hiren, who had filed a police complaint about the SUV being stolen, was later found dead in a creek near Thane on 5 March 2021.[24] Three days before his death, Hiren had written a letter accusing the police of harassment. The leader of opposition of Maharashtra, Devendra Fadnavis demanded the arrest of Vaze for Hiren's alleged murder.[25] Fadnavis claimed that Hiren's wife suspected that Vaze killed her husband.[25][26]
Vaze applied for interim relief, but was rejected by the Sessions court in Thane. After over 12 hours of questioning, he was arrested by National Investigation Agency on 13 March for his involvement in placing the explosives-laden vehicle near Carmichael Road on 25 February.[27][28] The NIA searched Vaze's office, seizing documents, electronic devices, and a Mercedes vehicle being used by Vaze, which contained ₹500,000 cash, a cash-counting machine and the original license plates of the Scorpio found earlier near Antilia.
Assistant Sub-Inspector of Police Sunil Toke claimed that Vaze drove the seized Mercedes car into the Commissionerate of Police.[29] An Assistant Police Inspector Riyazuddin Kazi was investigated who had removed a Digital Video Recorder (DVR) of CCTVs from the housing society where Vaze lived in Thane.[30] As part of reconstructing the sequence of events, Vaze was made to walk near the spot where the SUV was found.[23]
In a 21 March 2021 statement, the Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad named Vaze as the prime suspect in Mansukh Hiran’s murder case. ATS has arrested cricket bookie Naresh Ramniklal Ghor and police officer Vinayak Balasaheb Shinde, who worked with Vaze, for their involvement.[31][32] Officer Shinde had allegedly asked Hiren to meet him at Ghodbunder Road. Shinde was a constable in the same crime branch unit where Vaze was posted, and was already serving a life sentence after being convicted in the fake encounter case of Lakhan Bhaiyya, but was out on furlough. On 11 May 2021, he was officially dismissed from the Mumbai police.[33]
Vaze's supervisor, Param Bir Singh, who had worked closely with him, was removed from his post of Mumbai Police Commissioner. Singh claimed, in a detailed letter to the Maharashtra Chief Minister, that Vaze was involved in a scheme to collect ₹100 Crore from businesses in Mumbai per month as demanded by the Maharashtra home minister Anil Deshmukh.[34][35] Deshmukh's office denied the claim and stated that Param Bir Singh made false allegations against him to save himself from legal action.[36][37]
Devendra Fadnavis claimed that Vaze and Param Bir Singh were just pawns in the hands of the current Maha Vikas Aghadi (a coalition of NCP, Shiv Sena and Indian National Congress) state government.[38] Param Bir Singh asked the Supreme Court on 22 March for a CBI probe against Deshmukh, claiming interference by him in police investigations.[39]
Mumbai-based newspaper Mid-day has learned from members of Indian Hotel and Restaurant Association (AHAR) that Vaze had started collecting money from December 2020. Vaze would call from his office inside the compound of the Commissioner of Police office to pay monthly amounts and if paid, he would ensure that Social Service Branch would not conduct any raids. It reported a source stating that "SSB carried out raids at hotels and bars and filed cases. The last SSB raid was in early February. After that, no raid was conducted as everybody agreed to pay the money to be able to operate."[40]
He is alleged to own eight cars and a sports bike. His Thane apartment is said to be worth a crore rupees. His monthly salary has been about 70,000 Rs. per month.[41]
While in service Vaze was instrumental in forming new rules, manuals, and directives for Maharashtra Police. After resigning from service Vaze participated in television debates, and published articles in newspapers and periodicals.[42] He has also been publishing articles on cyber crime issues. He has been a researcher, advisor and contributor to various leading newspapers, TV channels as well as online portals.[43] He was the creator of the first social networking portal in Marathi, laibhaari.com, a Marathi version of Facebook. The portal put on test run on 4 November 2010 and had a membership figure of more than 15,000 till it formally launched on 21 November 2010.[44][45]
Vaze is the author of Jinkun Harleli Ladhaai (Winning and losing battle) in Marathi, an account of the 26/11 Mumbai attacks.[46] He also wrote Sheena Bora - The Murder That Shook India, about the Sheena Bora murder case in Mumbai.[47]
He has served as a source and advisor on books projects by Hussain Zaidi (Headley & I, My Name is Abu Salem, Byculla to Bangkok), Adrian Levy and Shirish Thorat (The Scout: The Definitive Account of David Headley and the Mumbai Attacks).[48]
Vaze was portrayed by Pushkar Shrotri in the 2014 Indian Marathi-language crime-thriller film Rege.Corporal K. Chandana, PWV (Sinhala: K. චන්දන, died June 2008) was a soldier in the Sri Lanka Army. He was part of a Long Range Reconnaissance Patrol from the army's elite Special Forces Regiment, which infiltrated deep behind territory held by the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (commonly known as LTTE or Tamil Tigers) in June 2008. He was killed in a firefight during this operation and was posthumously awarded the Parama Weera Vibhushanaya, the country's highest military award for gallantry, for his actions which enabled the rest of his team to withdraw to safety.
A Lance Corporal attached to the army's 3rd Special Forces, Chandana was part of a six or eight-man Long Range Reconnaissance Patrol (LRRP) team that infiltrated into Tamil Tiger-held territory in northern Sri Lanka in June 2008.[note 1][2][3] The team carried out a successful ambush on the A9 highway between Mankulam and Kilinochchi, approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) to 40 kilometres (25 mi) deep inside enemy territory at the time, and killed two Tamil Tiger leaders.[1][3]
Having completed their mission, the team was on their way back to the army lines when they were spotted by Tamil Tiger units while crossing the Mankulam–Thunukkai road. They came under heavy fire, which injured one of the soldiers in the team. Chandana and the team leader, a Sergeant named Jayakodi, provided covering fire while the rest of the team withdrew, carrying the injured soldier.[2] However, Chandana was severely injured in the firefight and was left unable to move by himself. He insisted that his team leader withdraw with the rest of the team lest he also would get captured or killed, and kept fighting by himself against the Tamil Tiger units which were converging on their position.[2][3]
The team later returned to find Chandana, and found that he had been killed by a shot through his chest. However, they soon came under attack again and had to leave his body behind, and managed to reach the government-held area after several days.[2]
Chandana was posthumously promoted to the rank of Corporal and recommended for the Parama Weera Vibhushanaya, Sri Lanka's highest military award for gallantry. The approval of his medal was announced in The Sri Lanka Gazette on 16 May 2012.[4] It was presented to his next-of-kin on 19 May 2012 by President Mahinda Rajapaksa, at the celebrations marking the third anniversary of the end of the war.[5][6]  The citation for his Parama Weera Vibhushanaya states:
He voluntarily faced the enemy to receive firing bullets that were directed to destroy his comrades and sacrificed his life for protection of his own comrades and the beloved motherland. The entire nation is indebted to a war hero of this exceptional nature and his memory is thus immortalized.[1]
Chandana's name is engraved on a memorial plaque at the Brigade Headquarters of the Special Forces in Vavuniya, along with the other recipients of the Parama Weera Vibhushanaya from the unit.[7]Aado Slutsk (incorrectly Aadu Slutsk[citation needed]; 17 July 1918 Riga – 28 September 2006 Tallinn) was an Estonian sport figure.[1]
1936-1938 he studied mathematics at Tartu University. Beginning in 1940 he worked as a journalist. 1964-1981 he was the head of Estonian Radio. He was one of the founders of Estonian Association of Journalists. 1976-1980 he was the head of Tallinn Sailing Regatta's Press Centre (Estonian: Tallinna purjeregati pressikeskus). 1989-1998 he was a member of Estonian Olympic Committee, since 1999 an honorary member.[1]
Awards:

This biographical article relating to Estonian sport is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."Comanchero" is a song by Raggio Di Luna (Moon Ray). It was written by Italian record producer Aldo Martinelli and Simona Zanini and released as a single in 1984 on Discotto S.A.S.[3] It became a hit single in several European countries, reaching number 2 in Austria, number 3 in West Germany, number 4 in Switzerland, number 5 in France and number 17 in Italy.

In 1997, the song was covered and released as a single by Robin Cook, whose version reached No. 5 in Sweden.[15]John Bosworth (May 1836 – 27 September 1917) was a politician in the early days of the Colony of South Australia.
He was born in London, the youngest son of Richard Bosworth and his wife Mary, and was brought out to South Australia as a young child on the Hooghly, arriving in December 1848. He was educated at St Peter's College and as a young man was a pastoralist at Edgecliff near Riverton. He was elected to the seat of Wooroora in the House of Assembly in 1875, succeeding James Pearce. He was reelected in 1878 with Henry Edward Bright as colleague, and left Parliament in 1884; then was elected by the North-Eastern district in 1886 to the Legislative Council, retiring in 1894.[1]
He married Catherine Lucy "Kate" Cramond ( – 4 November 1863) on 28 December 1862; he married again, to Ellen Maria Ward (ca.1845 – 26 August 1920) of Hackney. Their children included:
His last homes were "Bentford", Hectorville and 102 Park Terrace (renamed Greenhill Road), Wayville.The Iowa Xplosion was a team of the Women's Football Alliance which began play for the 2011 season.  Based in Des Moines, Iowa, home games were played in nearby Martensdale at Martensdale St Mary's Football Stadium.
The Xplosion folded after the 2011 season.

This American football team article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Des Moines, Iowa-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a sports team in Iowa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 2009 Indian general election in Jammu and Kashmir to the 15th Lok Sabha were held for 6 seats. Jammu and Kashmir National Conference won 3 seats. Indian National Congress won 2 and one was won by an Independent politician Hassan Khan.Dowse is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Sandesh Kadur is an Indian wildlife film producer and conservation photographer known for his contributions to BBC Planet Earth II.[1] In 2024, he was appointed to the National Geographic Society board of trustees considering[2] his contribution to explorers and groundbreaking wildlife documentary films.[3] Sandesh's films have been shown on various television networks including National Geographic Channel, BBC,[4] Discovery Channel[5] and Animal Planet.
Sandesh is a Senior Fellow of The International League of Conservation Photographers (ILCP) and co-founder of Felis Creations, a visual arts company based in Bangalore, India, which work on a variety of projects ranging from natural history documentaries to art and still photography.[6]
Sandesh exposes the need for conservation and encourages the protection of the world’s biodiversity. Over the years, Sandesh’s work has garnered many top awards including the CIWEM Environmental Photographer of the Year, Nature’s Best Award, International Conservation Photographer Award, as well as twice being nominated for a Green Oscar at Wildscreen.
He is the second child of Dr. Bangalore Narayan Viswanath, a documentary filmmaker and notable entomologist from Bangalore. He was motivated when his father presented him an SLR film camera and a bundle of National Geographic films during his birthday. He has traveled extensively in the Western Ghats and the Himalayas.
Sandesh Kadur did his schooling from The Home School, Bangalore and graduated in Wildlife Biology from The University of Texas at Brownsville.
Charles Richard "Dick" Cranwell (born July 26, 1942) is an American lawyer and Democratic Party politician. He was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates 1972–2001, and was its Democratic floor leader 1991–2001. From 2005 to 2010, he was chairman of the Democratic Party of Virginia.[1][2]
Cranwell attended Richlands High School in Tazewell County, Virginia. As the varsity quarterback, he led the state in touchdown passes his senior year. He would go on to play football in college, transitioning to kicker.[3] He received a B.S. degree from Virginia Polytechnic Institute in 1965, and his J.D. from the University of Richmond School of Law in 1968. He was then admitted to the Virginia State Bar and took up practice in Roanoke County, Virginia.[1]
He is an active member in good standing of the Virginia State Bar, the American Bar Association, the Association of Trial Lawyers of America, the Academy of Rail Labor Attorneys, the Million Dollar Advocates Forum, the Virginia Trial Lawyers Association and the Roanoke County-Salem Bar Association.
Cranwell currently resides in Vinton, Virginia and is a member of Vinton's Chamber of Commerce and its Lions Club. He has been married twice and had six children.
Cranwell was first elected to the Virginia House of Delegates in 1972, sharing the multi-member 8th district (Craig and Roanoke Counties and the city of Salem) with Republican Raymond Robrecht. In 1982, after redistricting, he shared the same district, now numbered the 7th, with another Republican, G. Steven Agee. A second redistricting converted the House entirely to single-member districts in 1983. He won election in the new 14th district, made up of pieces of Craig, Roanoke and Bedford Counties. He stayed in the 14th until his retirement from the House in 2001.[1][4][5][6]
Cranwell served as chair of the Militia and Police committee 1978–1987, then took over the chairmanship of the Finance committee. In September 1991, Speaker A. L. Philpott, a terminal cancer patient, retired. Cranwell lost to Tom Moss of Norfolk for the Democratic Caucus nomination to succeed Philpott.[7]  Moss then became Speaker, and Cranwell became Majority leader.[1][8][9]
Republicans gained parity with Democrats in the House after the 1997 elections, part of a Republican sweep driven by gubernatorial candidate Jim Gilmore's campaign promise to eliminate the personal property tax on automobiles.[10] While the Democrats retained nominal majority caucus status and Moss remained Speaker, committee chairs were shared between the two parties, and Republican Harry Parrish became Finance co-chair with Cranwell. The committee sharing relationship continued for two years after Republicans took majority control in 2000. Moss conceded the Minority leader position to Cranwell.[1][11][12]
The Republicans had complete control of the redistricting process in 2001, and dismantled Cranwell's district. Portions of his district were split among three Republican-held districts. Cranwell retired to focus on his law practice.
Cranwell was elected as state Democratic party chair on June 18, 2005.[2]
The following article lists countries by the share of informal employment in total employment. Informal employment, as defined by the International Labour Organization (ILO), refers to work arrangements that lack legal protection, social security benefits, and employment rights. It typically occurs in the unregulated or unprotected sector of the economy, where workers often lack formal contracts, job stability, and access to benefits such as paid leave, healthcare, and retirement plans. Informal employment is characterized by its casual nature, low wages, limited job security, and often involves self-employment or work in small, unregistered businesses. Worldwide, over 60 percent of workers are in informal employment. Informal employment differs significantly in different world regions. In Africa, a 85.8 percent of employment falls under the informal sector, while in Asia and the Pacific, it accounts for 68.2 percent. The Arab States follow closely with 68.6 percent, while in the Americas, the proportion is 40.0 percent. Europe and Central Asia demonstrate the lowest prevalence of informal employment at 25.1 percent.[1]
Countries by share of the labour force in informal employment.[2]
Providence Township is one of sixteen townships in Buena Vista County, Iowa, USA.  As of the 2000 census, its population was 316.
Providence Township covers an area of 35.86 square miles (92.9 km2) and contains no incorporated settlements.

This article about the geography of Buena Vista County, Iowa is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Manning Canyon Shale is a geologic formation in Utah, United States. It preserves fossils dating back to the Carboniferous period.

This article about a specific stratigraphic formation in Utah is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.

This article related to the Carboniferous period is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it."Pretty Like Drugs" is a song by British alternative rock band Queenadreena, released in 2002[1] from their album Drink Me. It was later included as a bonus track on the US release of the band's third album, The Butcher and the Butterfly after they left Rough Trade records and signed with One Little Indian.
Nigel Messenger of Phase9 called the single: "an excellent, heavy track with a pounding beat saturated with the sexy tones of lead singer KatieJane Garside."[2] Rock Feedback said of the single: "Snarly riffs and the sound of a girl in desperation, panting away like an exhausted farmyard animal, marks "Pretty Like Drugs," the shockingly post-glam stomper new single from Queen Adreena."[3]
Ashley gibbens thinks it's well clarted as wellThe swasche, also spelled swesche, swasher, sueschoour, suescher, swash, suesche, and sivasche,[1][2] was a type of drum used in Scotland for various purposes, to call attention to an announcement or event, but also as an accompaniment to sports events and military formations.[3] It is perhaps of Swiss origin.[4]Majed Farasani (Arabic: ماجد فرساني; born January 18, 1984) is a Saudi football player who plays a defender.[1]

This biographical article related to a football defender from Saudi Arabia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Regenbald (sometimes known as Regenbald of Cirencester)[1] was a priest and royal official in Anglo–Saxon England under King Edward the Confessor. His name suggests that he was not a native Englishman, and perhaps he was German or Norman. He first appears in history as a witness to a royal document in 1050, and remained a royal chaplain and clerk throughout the rest of King Edward's reign. Many royal documents give Regenbald the title of "chancellor"; but whether this means that he acted in a manner similar to the later Lord Chancellors is unclear, as some of the documents may be forgeries or have been tampered with. Whatever Regenbald's actual title, King Edward rewarded him with lands and also granted him the status, but not the actual office, of bishop. Regenbald continued to serve the English kings after the Norman Conquest of England, although whether he served King Harold II of England is unclear. His date of death is unknown, but it was probably during the reign of either King William I or King William II. After his death, some of his lands became part of the endowment of Cirencester Abbey in 1133.
His origins are unknown, but he was probably not a native Englishman. He may have been German or Norman. The historian Katharine Keats-Rohan suggests that he was possibly the nephew of Peter, who was the Bishop of Chester and a Norman.[2] His name was a German or French name, which suggests that Regenbald was one of the foreigners who gained favour with King Edward the Confessor.[3]
Regenbald first appears in the historical record in 1050, when he witnesses a charter of King Edward.[3] King Edward gave him large estates as a reward for his service to the king as a royal chaplain.[4] The Domesday Book of 1086 records him owning at least seven churches, but only two of them have any indication that he performed any ecclesiastical services personally.[5] Another royal reward was the grant to Regenbald of the status, without the actual office, of a bishop.[6] He probably was unable to be promoted to a bishopric, either because he was married or because his style of life was known to be unchaste.[1]
In royal charters he is often given the title "royal chancellor",[7] as he is styled in a 1062 charter in Latin regis cancellarius, but this does not necessarily mean that there was an official office known as chancellor similar to the later Lord Chancellor's office.[8][9] Regenbald was probably in charge of Edward's royal clerks and scribes,[10] but his position in the witness lists argues against his holding an actual office, as he is not listed early in the witness lists along with the magnates.[11] He probably performed some of the duties that later were done by the chancellor, but the first chancellor in England is usually held to be Herfast, who held office from around 1069.[9][12] Some historians, including David Bates, hold that Regenbald was chancellor, however.[13] Some support for that position is the fact that Domesday Book lists Regenbald as "chancellor".[14] The entire issue of whether Regenbald was a "true" chancellor or not is bound up in the debate amongst medievalists about whether there was a recognisable chancery in England prior to the Norman Conquest. One school of thought, led by Pierre Chaplais, argues that no such office existed prior to the Conquest. Another group argues that there was, and among this group is the historian Simon Keynes.[15] In Regenbald's case, a number of the documents that give him the title "chancellor" either are forgeries or have been altered in the copying process. Others, however, are not easily shown to be spurious.[16]
Besides his scribal duties, he also served as a royal judge, as he is recorded as passing judgement in a case late in Edward's or early in William's reign, along with Wulfstan, Bishop of Worcester, and  Æthelwig, Abbot of Evesham.[17] A thirteenth-century source says that he was dean of the church at Cirencester during William's reign.[18]
Regenbald remained at the royal court throughout Edward's reign and into the reign of King William the Conqueror.[11] His lands and possessions were confirmed by King William after the Norman Conquest.[10] Whether he served King Harold in the period after King Edward's death is unknown, as no royal charters and only one royal writ survive from Harold's reign.[19]
Regenbald's lands are recorded in a charter from the reign of King Henry I of England which dealt with the gift of those lands after Regenbald's death. This charter lists a number of estates as owned by Regenbald that were also listed in Domesday Book as Regenbald's, but there are a few other possessions that did not get recorded in Domesday.[3] The lands listed include lands in Gloucestershire, Berkshire, Wiltshire, Somerset, Northamptonshire, Worcestershire, and Dorset. Domesday lists the value of Regenbald's lands at £40 per year.[20] His estates totalled about 90 hides, although some of the estates were given to him after the Norman Conquest.[1]
Presumably, he died either during the reign of William I or during the following reign of William II. Possibly, he was buried at Cirencester, where a stone tomb in the crypt of the Saxon-era church still exists and may be his.[18] After his death, a group of his lands became the basis for the foundation of Cirencester Abbey by King Henry I of England in 1133.[18] Regenbald's brother held land near him in Cirencester. Regenbald had a son named Edward who also held lands in Gloucester.[1]
When an adjective includes two comparative markers, it is referred to as a double comparative. Examples of double comparatives include phrases such as "more louder" and "worser." The use of double comparatives is most commonly linked to specific dialects, particularly Appalachian English and African American Vernacular English. However, this linguistic feature was not uncommon in Early Modern English.[1] In fact, it was frequently utilized by Shakespeare in his works.[2][3]
In recent times, such constructions have been employed not only for their original purpose of adding emphasis but also in a humorous context or to convey a sense of erudition. Additionally, these constructions can be used to mock or mimic the formal speech patterns of past eras, adding a layer of sophistication or irony to the language.Secondary Highway 514, commonly referred to as Highway 514, was a secondary highway in the Canadian province of Ontario. It was used on two separate routes from the 1950s to the 1990s:This is a list of active and former breweries in Tennessee.
Bichura (Russian: Бичура) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:Steve Austin’s Broken Skull Challenge is an American reality television competition show that premiered on July 6, 2014, on CMT.[1][2] It is created and hosted by former professional wrestler Steve Austin. The fifth and final season was announced by CMT on August 9, 2017, and premiered on September 26.[3] The final episode of the series aired on December 19, 2017.[4]
Each episode of Steve Austin's Broken Skull Challenge brings a group of eight contestants, either all men or all women, to the "Broken Skull Ranch" to compete in a series of physical challenges.  In an interview with KMTV-TV, Austin revealed that the actual location was not the real Broken Skull Ranch, which is owned and operated by Austin near Tilden, Texas, but an area just outside of Los Angeles designed to represent his ranch.[5] The Santa Clarita Valley's website confirmed the location to be a private property represented by Agua Dulce Movie Ranch in Agua Dulce, California.[6]  The contestants are selected from athletic backgrounds, including CrossFit, Spartan Racers, Tough Mudder, mixed martial arts (MMA), and pro wrestling.[7]  The contestants are eliminated in a series of competitions with the last one standing facing a tough obstacle course known as the Skullbuster.[8][9]
The first contestant in the series to successfully complete all elements of the Skullbuster wins $10,000, is declared champion, and sets the time to beat for subsequent contestants. Men and women have separate champions. If a contestant completes the course in a shorter time, he/she becomes the new champion and receives $10,000, and that time becomes the new benchmark. However, every time a contestant either fails to beat the champion's time or does not complete the course at all, the current champion wins an additional $10,000. During the first season, no prize money was awarded until the first successful completion of the Skullbuster. The course has been modified at the start of each new season, and the previous season's champion is given the first opportunity to run it and set the time to beat.
In each episode, the eight contestants face off in head-to-head competitions in a single-elimination bracket format.  The first round bracket match-ups are chosen at random.  The challenges vary in their format, but are generally very physically demanding and often involve physical contact between the two contestants.  In addition, all competitions take place outdoors in hot, desert-like conditions, so the contestants are also battling the elements of the weather. Austin first explains the challenge to the contestants and to the viewers, then provides verbal encouragement to the contestants and somewhat of a play-by-play analysis of the competition while it is ongoing.
The final two contestants face off in a two-part challenge.  The first part is not an elimination challenge; it is designed to wear down the contestants.  Once the first part is completed, both contestants proceed immediately into the Pit to determine a winner.  The Pit is always featured as the final individual challenge to determine the episode's overall winner, with no rest period except for the player who completed the previous challenge first.  Beginning in the second season, a rule was instituted that the second contestant must enter the Pit within one minute of the first contestant or he/she is disqualified.  The Pit is a circular dirt ring resembling an amateur wrestling circle or a sumo wrestling ring, measuring 15 feet wide.  Once both players have entered the Pit, a signal is given, and the two contestants wrestle each other.  The first person able to force their opponent out of the ring is declared the winner.  Takedowns may occur but they do not apply toward the final outcome.  The style of the Pit is very similar to the Conquer portion of the Breakthrough & Conquer event of American Gladiators.
After a day's rest, the winner of the elimination challenges moves on to face the Skullbuster, a 1/2-mile-long obstacle course with ten obstacles. Some of the obstacles are identified as "restart elements"; if the contestant fails to complete one of these satisfactorily, he/she must return to its beginning for another attempt. If at any time the contestant decides not to continue, the current champion wins by default. The Skullbuster has been modified at the beginning of each season after the first, and the previous season's champion is given the first opportunity to run it and set the time for future contestants to beat.
Plans for the show's third season were briefly called into question when the show's crew walked off the job on July 22, 2015, halting production.[10] The crew struck seeking union representation with the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees.[11]  The strike was successfully resolved on August 2, 2015, and production resumed the next day.[12]The 39th United States Congress was a meeting of the legislative branch of the United States federal government, consisting of the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives. It met in Washington, D.C., from March 4, 1865, to March 4, 1867, during Abraham Lincoln's final month as president, and the first two years of the administration of his successor, Andrew Johnson.
The apportionment of seats in this House of Representatives was based on the 1860 United States census. Both chambers had a Republican majority.
The count below identifies party affiliations at the beginning of the first session of this Congress, and includes members from vacancies and newly admitted states, when they were first seated. Changes resulting from subsequent replacements are shown below in the "Changes in membership" section.
During this Congress, two seats were added for the new state of Nebraska.
During this Congress, one seat was added for the new state of Nebraska.
This list is arranged by chamber, then by state. Senators are listed in order of seniority, and representatives are listed by district.
Senators were elected by the state legislatures every two years, with one-third beginning new six-year terms with each Congress. Preceding the names in the list below are Senate class numbers, which indicate the cycle of their election. In this Congress, Class 1 meant their term began in the last Congress, requiring reelection in 1868; Class 2 meant their term began in this Congress, requiring reelection in 1870; and Class 3 meant their term ended in this Congress, requiring reelection in 1866.

The names of members of the House of Representatives are preceded by their district numbers.
(3 Republicans)
(4 Republicans)
(1 Democrat)
(11–3 Republican)
(8–3 Republican)
(6 Republicans)
(1 Republican)
(4–5 Democratic)
(5 Republicans)
(3–2 Unconditional Unionist)
(10 Republicans)
(6 Republicans)
(2 Republicans)
(8–1 Republican)
(1 Republican)
(1 Republican)
(3 Republicans)
(3–2 Democratic)
(20–11 Republican)
(17–2 Republican)
(1 Republican)
(15–9 Republican)
(2 Republicans)
(4 Unconditional Unionists; 4 Unionists)
(3 Republicans)
(3 Unconditional Unionists)
(5–1 Republican)
(6–3 Republican)

The count below reflects changes from the beginning of the first session of this Congress.
Lists of committees and their party leaders for members of the House and Senate committees can be found through the Official Congressional Directory at the bottom of this article. The directory after the pages of terms of service lists committees of the Senate, House (Standing with Subcommittees, Select and Special) and Joint and, after that, House/Senate committee assignments. On the committees section of the House and Senate in the Official Congressional Directory, the committee's members on the first row on the left side shows the chairman of the committee and on the right side shows the ranking member of the committee.
The Congressional Globe contains the official transcripts and proceedings of the Thirty-Ninth Congress, although newspapers often provided their own transcripts that sometimes differed from the official ones.  Following are external links to the pertinent volumes of the Globe, which are downloadable and/or searchable via Google Books and HathiTrust:
The congressional debates pertaining to the Fourteenth Amendment can be found at “Congressional Debates of the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution”.The Diocese of Sydney, Australia and New Zealand (Russian: Сиднейская и Австралийско-Новозеландская епархия, also Australian and New Zealand Diocese) is the diocese of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia in Australia and New Zealand headquartered in Sydney.
The first Russian Orthodox parish in Australia was St Nicholas Church (now St Nicholas Russian Orthodox Cathedral) founded in 1926 in Brisbane.[1]
The Australian diocese of the ROCOR was founded in 1946 with episcopal see at St Nicholas Church in Brisbane.[1]
In 1950 the episcopal see was moved to Sydney to the Ss Peter and Paul Cathedral.[1]
In 1994 the Korean Orthodox mission was subordinated to Australian and New Zealand diocese by decree of the Synod of Bishops.
In February 2005, the diocese included parishes of Indonesia that are of Old Calendar or independent Churches.
In 2012 a Pakistan mission was established.
In 2015, Archbishop George (then vicar-bishop) joined other religious leaders in writing a letter to the then Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott opposing the bills allowing same-sex marriage.[2]
In 2023, a session of the Synod of Bishops of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside of Russia heard the Synod's President's petition to elevate Bishop George of Sydney, Australia and New Zealand to the rank of Archbishop. On July 12, 2024, Metropolitan Nicholas elevated his rank officially, at Sts Peter and Paul Diocesan Cathedral in Sydney.[3]
St John of Kronstadt Academy is a classical Pan-Orthodox school[5] in Brisbane, Queensland, currently headed by Father Stephen David, a priest at Holy Annunciation Orthodox Church in Brisbane.[6] As of 2025, it can accommodate up to 60 students[7] from years Prep to 4.[8] Archbishop George blessed the opening of the school in 2024, the Academy's opening academic year.[7]
Abbreviated as SCMOI, Sts Cyril and Methodius Orthodox Institute is the sole tertiary educational institute of the ROCOR Diocese of Australia and New Zealand. It serves to educate lay Christians, and potientally equip future Orthodox clergy for their life.[9] Archbishop George is the Institute's chairman, successor of Founding Chairman, Metropolitan Hilarion.[10] Father Peter Hill, a priest who serves at the Church of Our Lady's Dormition,[11] is the Principal of the Institute.[12]Orašje (Serbian Cyrillic: Орашје) is a village in the municipality of Varvarin, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of  698 people.[1]
43°44′36″N 21°16′07″E﻿ / ﻿43.74333°N 21.26861°E﻿ / 43.74333; 21.26861

This Rasina District, Serbia location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Atrichopogon levis is a species of biting midges in the family Ceratopogonidae.[1][2][3][4]

This article related to members of the fly superfamily Chironomoidea is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Pleasant Run is an unincorporated community in Tucker County, West Virginia, United States.

This article about a location in Tucker County, West Virginia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1877 Sewanee Tigers baseball team represented the Sewanee Tigers baseball team of the University of the South in the 1877 college baseball season. The team beat Vanderbilt 19–12.[1]
The Distorted Music Festival was an Australian electronic music festival held at Melbourne's Brown Alley on 10 December 2005.[1][2]
It showcased electronic artists who are not generally considered to be mainstream. It covered the musical genres of industrial, noise, power noise, breakcore, IDM and glitch.
The philosophy of the festival is to bring to Australia international acts who would otherwise never play in the country. The festival also showcases local Australian artists, giving them the chance to play alongside the big names in the scene.
37°48′49″S 144°57′47″E﻿ / ﻿37.81361°S 144.96306°E﻿ / -37.81361; 144.96306
Ketto Dam  (Japanese: 穴藤ダム) is a dam in Tsunan, Niigata Prefecture, Japan, near the village of Ketto. It was completed in 1972.[1]
36°56′40″N 138°39′36″E﻿ / ﻿36.94444°N 138.66000°E﻿ / 36.94444; 138.66000

This article about a dam or floodgate in Chūbu region of Honshu, Japan is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Niigata Prefecture location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Zitacuaro Council (Spanish: Junta de Zitácuaro), also known under a variety of names such as the Supreme National American Meeting or Supreme Governmental Board of America, was a council established by insurgent leaders Ignacio López Rayón and José María Morelos, along with minor members José María Liceaga and José Sixto Verduzco, which would serve as a prototypical government independent of the Spanish crown.
The council was established 19 August 1811.
Ignacio López Rayón
Ignacio López Rayón  and José María Liceaga were originally part of Miguel Hidalgo's insurgent forces that initiated the first phase of the Mexican War of Independence. After a crushing defeat in the Battle of Calderon Bridge, the diminished insurgent forces fled north hoping to attain military and economic support from the United States. While en route north, López Rayón stayed behind in Saltillo, Coahuila with 3,500 men and 22 cannons. He eventually heard of the capture of Hidalgo and other insurgent leaders and decided to flee south on 26 March 1811. Encountering and battling royalist forces various times during his route south, he eventually reaches Zitacuaro, Intendancy of Valladolid (present-day Michoacan).
José María Morelos
During Miguel Hidalgo's march towards Mexico City, his former student, José María Morelos, finds him while stationed in Valladolid (present-day Morelia). Morelos wished to join Hidalgo's forces but Hidalgo suggested to him to create another insurgent army in the south and to capture the port city of Acapulco, a strategic location where the Manila Galleons would deliver goods from the Philippines, then a Spanish domain under the vice-regal structure of New Spain.
His first campaign would take place in the southern portions of the neighboring intendancies of Valladolid, Mexico, and Puebla (present-day Guerrero). Shortly after the end of his first campaign, he received an invitation from Ignacio López Rayón to organize an insurgent assembly since after the capture and death of the first leaders, the insurgent forces were dispersed and without a visible general head.[1] Written on July 13, 1811, Morelos would accept the invitation but would send José Sixto Verduzco as his representative as he was away fighting. [2]
As president of the council, López Rayón attained the title of "Universal Minister of the Nation and President of the Supreme Council," the only one to ever hold such position. He coordinated the creation of the newspaper El Ilustrador Nacional, by Andrés Quintana Roo and José María Cos, to disseminate the ideas of the insurgency. Rayón did not succeed in getting the heads of the different armed factions to recognize the authority of the council, therefore, he cited to swear in the governors and mayors of the neighboring towns.[3]
During existence of the council, the first draft of the national constitution was composed, the Constitutional Elements; the first stamp of Mexican coins was made; as well as the first attempts to obtain the recognition of the international community through the sending of an ambassador to the United States, Francisco Antonio de Peredo y Pereyra.[4]
The creation of the council drew the attention of the viceregal government and General Felix Maria Calleja, publishing a proclamation on 28 September 1811 from Guanajuato,[5] ignoring the council, threatening to advance on Zitácuaro and putting a price on Rayón's head: ten thousand pesos.[6]
When these strategies failed, the royalists hired a person named J. Arnoldo to assassinate Rayón, but he was discovered and executed.[7][8]
General Calleja attacked Zitacuaro in the early days of January 1812 and makes the insurgent forces and the council flee Zitacuaro on 11 January 1812. From there, the assembly was relocated to various cities under insurgent control: Tuzantla, Tlalchapa, and Sultepec.[9][10]
Despite being the first governmental body that represented areas liberated of Spanish control, it was unable to exercise any administrative power effectively as in theory it appointed local authorities to towns and municipalities under its jurisdiction. However, this task almost always fell on the military leaders who had conquered places that were outside their domain and pursued their own goals.[11] Ineffectiveness to project administrative power, coupled with López Rayón's military loses, led to the eventual replacement of the governmental body by the Congress of Chilpancingo.
The 2018–19 season was Al-Taawoun's 63rd year in their history and 9th consecutive season in the Pro League. This season Al-Taawoun participated in the Pro League and King Cup.
The season covers the period from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules; some limited exceptions apply. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules; some limited exceptions apply. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
Last Updated: 16 May 2019
Last updated: 16 May 2019.
Source: Competitive matches
All times are local, AST (UTC+3).
Win
  Draw
  Loss
  Postponed
All times are local, AST (UTC+3).
Last Updated: 16 May 2019
Last Updated: 16 May 2019
Last Updated: 11 May 2019The 2016 Italian motorcycle Grand Prix was the sixth round of the 2016 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season. It was held at the Mugello Circuit in Scarperia on 22 May 2016. The MotoGP race was settled by a mere 0.019 seconds as Jorge Lorenzo pulled out of Marc Márquez' slipstream on the final straight on the final lap after a dramatic duel between the two, whilst polesitter Valentino Rossi lost a chance at challenging for a home win due to an engine failure.[4] This race marks Rossi's first bike failure since the 2007 San Marino Grand Prix.
This race was the last race for Luis Salom before he was fatally injured after an accident during practice session at the following Grand Prix in Barcelona.
In the Moto3 class, Fabio Di Giannantonio took his first podium in what was just his 7th start.
The race, scheduled to be run for 21 laps, was red-flagged after Xavi Vierge crashed causing damage to an airfence and was later restarted over 10 laps.[8]
Below are the standings for the top five riders and constructors after round six has concluded.[9]

Hubert Summers Ellis  (July 6, 1887 – December 3, 1959) was a Republican United States Representative, banker and salesman from Huntington, West Virginia.[1] He was  elected as a Republican to the Seventy-eighth, Seventy-ninth, and Eightieth Congresses (January 3, 1943 – January 3, 1949).
Ellis was born in Hurricane, Putnam County, West Virginia in 1887. He attended the public schools and Marshall College in Huntington, West Virginia. He worked in banking and as a salesman from 1910 to 1917 and in the general insurance business in 1920. He served in World War I from 1917 - 1919 as a first lieutenant in the One Hundred and Fiftieth Field Artillery, Forty-second Division. He was elected to the House in 1942 and served three consecutive terms until 1949. His candidacies in 1948 and 1950 were unsuccessful. He was subsequently appointed West Virginia director for the Federal Housing Administration on February 2, 1954, and resigned on February 10, 1958. He died in Huntington on December 3, 1959, and is buried in Woodmere Cemetery.


This West Virginia-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This United States Congress–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The 1930 Cal Aggies football team represented the Northern Branch of the College of Agriculture—now known as the University of California, Davis—as a member of the Far Western Conference (FWC) during the 1930 college football season. Led by third-year head coach Crip Toomey, the Aggies compiled an overall record of 0–7–1 with a mark of 0–3–1 in conference play, tying for fifth place in the FWC. The team was outscored by its opponents 134 to 17 for the season. They were shut out in their first five games and did not score more than a touchdown in any game. The Cal Aggies played home games at Sacramento Stadium in Sacramento, California.
[13]
Jorrit Smeets (born 25 March 1995) is a Dutch former footballer.
Smeets made his professional debut in the Eerste Divisie for Fortuna Sittard on 26 September 2016 in a game against Jong PSV.[1]
On 1 February 2021, Smeets signed with Dutch club Almere City.[2]
On 26 August 2023, Smeets joined Emmen with a one-year contract.[3]

This biographical article related to association football in the Netherlands, about a midfielder, is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Gideon Meitlis (Hebrew: גדעון מייטליס; 1941–2001) was an Israeli footballer.
Gideon Meitlis played for Maccabi Netanya for ten years.[2][3]
In 2007, he was honored posthumously by Maccabi Netanya. His daughter received the cup in his honor.[1]

This biographical article relating to Israeli football is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
In Performance at the White House is a PBS television series of performances from the White House, the residence of the president of the United States. The series began in 1978.
The first series was broadcast in 1978 during the presidency of Jimmy Carter. The inaugural series consisted of five hour long programs of performances recorded in the East Room.[1]
The ballet dancers Mikhail Baryshnikov and Patricia McBride, the pianist Vladimir Horowitz, the opera singer Leontyne Price, the cellist Mstislav Rostropovich, and the guitarist Andres Segovia all appeared in Series 1.[1]
An August 1988 episode of In Performance at the White House during the presidency of Ronald Reagan featured the composer Marvin Hamlisch, with the cast of A Chorus Line, entertainers Shirley Jones, Stubby Kaye, Lee Roy Reams, and the Marine Band.[2]
Paul McCartney received the Gershwin Prize for Popular Song from President Barack Obama during a 2009 episode of In Performance at the White House. McCartney performed at the event which also featured appearances by Elvis Costello, Dave Grohl, Herbie Hancock, Emmylou Harris, Faith Hill, Jonas Brothers, Lang Lang, Corinne Bailey Rae, and Jack White, Stevie Wonder.[3]
The violinist Itzhak Perlman was the host of the four episodes of the 1982/83 season.
WLOO (channel 35) is a television station licensed to Vicksburg, Mississippi, United States, serving the Jackson area as an affiliate of MyNetworkTV. Owned by Tougaloo College, it has a joint sales agreement (JSA) with Fox affiliate WDBD (channel 40, owned by American Spirit Media). Both stations, in turn, are controlled under a shared services agreement (SSA) by Gray Media, owner of NBC affiliate WLBT, channel 3 (with Gray providing limited engineering support to WLOO). The three stations share studios on South Jefferson Street in downtown Jackson; WLOO's transmitter is located on Thigpen Road southeast of Raymond, Mississippi.
The station signed on September 29, 2003, as WUFX, airing an analog signal on UHF channel 35. The station was Jackson's second Fox affiliate; until its launch, there was no over-the-air affiliate in the area because WDBD had dropped the network in favor of The WB almost two years earlier in October 2001. During the previous 23 months, Fox programming was made available on cable in Jackson via Foxnet, although cable providers in the Natchez area carried WNTZ-TV from Alexandria, Louisiana, instead. Throughout its Fox affiliation, WUFX carried the branding "Fox 35" and used the slogan "Fox For You".
Channel 35 would have officially begun broadcasting at 11 a.m. on September 7 in time for the start of the 2003 NFL season. However, two members of the tower construction crew had shots fired at them at the station's analog transmitter site in Edwards on August 31. As a result, all work was halted for 22 days while the Hinds County Sheriff's Department conducted an investigation. Deputies eventually decided it was safe for the construction crew to resume work on WUFX's transmitter and even provided on-site security until its completion.
In early 2006, it was announced The WB and UPN would merge to form The CW. At the same time, News Corporation (owner of Fox) made public that another new network called MyNetworkTV would be launching as well. UPN affiliate WRBJ was announced as the new station for The CW while WUFX would join MyNetworkTV. In advance of the switch to MyNetworkTV, WUFX and WDBD swapped affiliations. On July 3, 2006, the station temporarily picked up The WB but began identifying itself on-air as "My 35" in anticipation of joining the new network. After joining MyNetworkTV, it continued carrying WB programming in a secondary nature until that network shut down on September 17. Meanwhile, WDBD rejoined Fox and adopted the branding "Fox 40". WUFX and WDBD were sold by Jackson Television to Roundtable Broadcasting in early 2010. However, the latter's licensee listing with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) still said Jackson Television.
Vicksburg Broadcasting filed to sell WUFX and WBMS-CA to American Spirit Media in July 2012. As American Spirit also acquired WDBD and WXMS-LP from Roundtable Broadcasting, the WUFX license was then sold for $1 to Tougaloo College, though American Spirit provides sales services to the station under a joint sales agreement. Gray Television, owner of WLBT, provides certain services to the American Spirit stations under a shared services agreement.[2] Tougaloo intends to use WUFX to teach its students about the operation of television stations.[3] On November 13, the transaction was consummated.[4] On April 15, 2013, the call letters were changed to WLOO.[5]
In April 2010, WDBD began producing a weeknight half-hour newscast on WUFX, called Fox 40 News at 10 on My 35, which competed against long-standing news broadcasts seen on the market's big three affiliates. After American Spirit Media completed its acquisition of WDBD and entered into the shared services agreement with WLBT, the Fox station's news department was shut down. Production of WDBD's newscasts was assumed by WLBT on November 12, 2012, with all of the news programming retained except for the 10 p.m. show on WUFX since it would compete with WLBT.
The station's signal is multiplexed:
WLOO (as WUFX) shut down its analog signal, over UHF channel 35, on May 4, 2009.[7] The station's digital signal remained on its pre-transition UHF channel 41, using virtual channel 35.
WUFX was granted an original construction permit after the FCC finalized the digital television allotment plan on April 21, 1997. As a result, the station did not receive a companion channel for a digital television station.Dorothy Hindman (born March 13, 1966) is an American composer and music educator.
Born in Miami, Florida on March 13, 1966, Hindman had intense early exposure to classical music from her mother, Dorothy Hindman Lyon, a gifted classical pianist and scientist, and her father, William Murphy Hindman, an actor and manager at that time of WTMI, Miami's classical radio station. Formal music study began late for her, at age 16, when she entered Miami-Dade College as a piano major with the intention to study synthesis. This path led her to avant-garde electronic music and at 19 she began a composition major at the University of Miami, studying with composer Dennis Kam, and graduating magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Music in 1988. Her studies continued at Duke University with Stephen Jaffe and Thomas Oboe Lee, receiving her Master of Arts in the composition in 1989. In 1990, she became a University Fellow at the University of Miami, resuming her studies with Dennis Kam, with whom she shared deep interests in philosophy, musical meaning, individual perception, originality, and profundity. In November–December 1994, she completed additional studies at the Atlantic Center for the Arts with composer Louis Andriessen, reflected in her interests in the formal structures of Bach and Stravinsky as well as her adaptations of social and popular influences in her music.
Hindman has been commissioned by and worked with prominent American and international ensembles including the Empire City Men's Chorus (NYC), the Caraval Quartet (NYC), the Goliard Ensemble (NYC), Bent Frequency Duo (Atlanta), Pulse Ensemble (Miami), Atlas Saxophone Quartet (Chicago), the Gregg Smith Singers (NYC), the New York Saxophone Quartet (NYC), Duo46, Thamyris (Atlanta), and the Corona Guitar Kvartet (Denmark). She has written solos for virtuosic performers including bassist Robert Black (Bang on a Can), cellist Craig Hultgren, guitarist Paul Bowman, and percussionists Stuart Gerber and Scott Deal. Her works have been performed and read by professional orchestras including the Women's Philharmonic Orchestra (San Francisco), the Alabama Symphony Orchestra, the Kyiv Philharmonic, the Brevard Symphony Orchestra, and the North Florida Symphony Orchestra, and by prominent youth orchestras Greater Miami Youth Symphony, South Florida Youth Symphony, and the Etowah Youth Orchestra. Collaborations with visual artists include music for the Italian Dreams video artist/photographer Carrie Mae Weems, and the installation The Wall Calls to Me in collaboration with artist Sally Wood Johnson, exhibited in major museums throughout the Southeast, including the Huntsville Museum of Art, Montgomery Museum of Fine Arts, Mobile Museum of Art, and other galleries.
Her music has been performed at major venues across the world, including Weill Recital Hall at Carnegie Hall; the United Nations; and the Adrienne Arsht Center (Miami); internationally in France; Germany; Italy; Copenhagen, Denmark; Catania, Sicily; Havana, Guantanamo, and Las Tunas, Cuba; Canberra, Australia; Estonia; London, England; and Montreal, Canada; and throughout the United States, including: NYC, Brooklyn, and Harlem, New York; Miami, Wynwood Arts District, Gainesville, Tallahassee, and Brevard, Florida; Connecticut; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania; St. Paul, Bloomington, and Ham Lake, Minnesota; Camden, New Jersey; Atlanta, Georgia; Flagstaff, Arizona; Birmingham, Auburn, Tuscaloosa, and Gadsden, Alabama; Chattanooga; Durham, Winston-Salem, Charlotte, and Greensboro, North Carolina; and.
Festival and conference performances of Hindman's music include the 2015 Australian Flute Festival, the 2015 Havana Contemporary Music Festival, the 2015 Birmingham New Music Festival, 2015 New Music Greensboro, Society of Composers National and Region IV Conferences, the Southeastern Composers' League Annual Forum, the Imagine Festival, the SEAMUS'96 National Conference, the MAY IN MIAMI Young Composers Workshop, the JUNE IN BUFFALO Festival, and the Czech-American Summer Music Institute program in Prague.
Hindman's awards, fellowships, grants and recognition include a 2015 Artist Access Grant from the Miami-Dade County Department of Cultural Affairs, 2015 Winner of Audience Favorite and Second Prize, Analog Arts' Iron Composer, a 2015 University of Miami Provost Research Award, 2013 Award of Excellence, and Award of Merit, Global Music Awards for Creativity/Originality for Tapping the Furnace, the Almquist Choral Composition Award, a Nancy Van de Vate International Composition Prize for Opera, Winner of the International Society of Bassists Solo Composition Competition, an Alabama State Council on the Arts Individual Artist Fellowship, and Winner of the NACUSA Young Composers Competition.
Residencies and guest composer appearances include the 2016 Summer Composition Intensive in South Bend, Indiana, 2016 Miami International Piano Festival Academy, 2015 AmiCa Credenze POP Festival in Sicily, 2009 Seaside Escape to Create Fellowship Residency, 2005 Visiting Artist at the American Academy in Rome, 2005 resident composer at the Visby International Centre for Composers, Sweden, 2009 Composer-in-Residence for the Goliard Ensemble, and Resident at Hambidge Center for the Arts. She has given masterclasses at the New World School, the University of Florida, Florida International University, Florida State University, University of Fairbanks, Alaska, Baldwin Wallace University, Jacksonville State University, Arkansas State University, the University of Missouri-Columbia, Middle Tennessee State University, and the University of Tennessee-Chattanooga's Contemporary Music Symposium.
In addition to her compositional activities, she promoted new music by: presenting concerts for ten years as a co-founder of the Birmingham Art Music Alliance in 1994; hosted the Po-Mo Show from 2012 to 2014 on wvum.org, a weekly radio show devoted to a post-modern mix of classical music written since 1980; and was a classical and new music critic for the South Florida Classical Review and the Miami Herald from 2011 to 2015. She was Assistant Editor of the LIVING MUSIC journal, and has been published in 20TH CENTURY MUSIC, the College Music Symposium,[1] and The Society of Composers Newsletter. She authored the article on "Composition, profession" appearing in the Encyclopedia of Women in Music, Kristine Burns, ed, Oryx Press.
A native of Miami, Florida, Hindman returned in 2010 and is currently Associate Professor of Composition at the Frost School of Music, University of Miami, after holding a tenured professorship at Birmingham-Southern College.
Her music is published by Subito Music Distribution, dorn/Needham Publications, and NoteNova. Hindman is married to composer Charles Norman Mason.
Hindman's music is unique and multilayered, revealing deep organization on every level. Elements of her personal style include economy of materials; works such as "drowningXnumbers" for amplified cello (1994 for Craig Hultgren) show intense extension and development of a single idea to create complex organic structures. She favors symmetrical harmonies and consonance, and uses timbre as a structural element. Recent works employ spectral techniques. Form arises from the material, with juxtaposition, fragmentation, and combination serving to prolong moods throughout a work. Driving, motoric rhythms contribute immediate surface impact to the music.
Hindman's work usually deals with political themes and the history of places, and how that history is distorted through the lens of contemporary individual perception. Some works, such as Monumenti for violin and cello and centro for violin and piano, both written at the American Academy in Rome in 2005, explore the relationship of the modern individual to the physical and artistic remains of past civilizations. More recent works such as Tapping the Furnace for speaking percussionist (2006) and Nine Churches for guitar quartet and chamber orchestra (2006-7) focus on the cultural, social and economic legacies of industrialization, slavery, and racist policies in the New South.
Hindman's most recent works, R.I.P.T. (2014) for speaking saxophonist and percussionist and Rough Ride (2016) for speaking cello, are part of her Trademarking Trayvon cycle for chamber orchestra Bent Frequency of Atlanta, exploring and musically integrating ideas and emblems of African American expressions of grief and outrage in the wake of the epidemic of gun violence and murder of black men and women, specifically focusing on the ways in which protest became product around the most sensationalized cases.
Her work is often autobiographical, responding in structural ways to events as they unfold and affect her work. Metric schemes correspond to meaningful numeric patterns such as telephone numbers; harmonic structures may be based upon names, dates, places; emotional levels are subtle, complex, and varied within a single work. Needlepoint, Magic City, Seconds, Time Management, Taut, Setting Century, Cascade)
Her work is usually perceptually based in the individual (Drift, Jerusalem Windows, Monumenti), informed by her own phenomenological investigations of how music functions, based on the writings of Edmund Husserl and Martin Heidegger. There is often, as with history, a presentation of incomplete ideas, which are intended to be completed in the mind of the listener. It is a language of connotations; within each piece, a new syntax is fully established to allow the perceptive, active listener to respond to or to complete fragmentary statements, which the composer, in turn, comments upon, verifies or denies later in the work. There is a deliberate engagement of the listener, a demand upon one's attention which is rewarded through correspondence.[2]
Saffron Walden Town Hall is a municipal building in the Market Place, Saffron Walden, Essex, England. The structure, which is the headquarters of Saffron Walden Town Council, is a Grade II listed building.[1][2]
The current building was commissioned to replace a medieval town hall in the Market Place: several tenement buildings were demolished at the same time so that there would be more room for holding markets.[3] The foundation stone for the new building was laid by the mayor, William Mapletoft, in 1761.[4] It was designed in the neoclassical style, built in red brick and was completed in 1763.[3] The design of the original building involved a symmetrical main frontage with seven bays facing onto the Market Place; the central section of three bays, which slightly projected forward and was rusticated on the ground floor, featured three arched openings, each with a wrought-iron grill; on the first floor there was a tall round headed sash window flanked by two conventional sash windows with blind panels above and, at roof level, there was a modillioned cornice, a parapet and a central turret.[3] Internally, the principal room was the courtroom and there was also a lock-up for petty criminals.[5]
Local government in towns was reformed in 1836 under the Municipal Corporations Act 1835, with Saffron Walden becoming a municipal borough.[6] The town hall continued to serve as headquarters of the reformed council.[7] The courtroom was converted to serve as a council chamber in 1836 and new lock-up facilities were created at the back of the town hall in 1840.[3]
In October 1877, a local businessman, George Stacey Gibson, offered to pay for the remodelling of the town hall.[3] The work involved a large new porch designed by Edward Burgess in the Tudor style which was officially opened by the mayor, Joseph Bell, who accepted the keys from Gibson, on 1 October 1879.[3][8] The design of the porch, which was timber-framed on the upper floors, involved a three-opening loggia on the ground floor and a prominent bay window on the first floor flanked by brackets supporting a pediment containing a smaller window and a coat of arms in the tympanum.[1] Following the remodelling, the principal rooms were the council chamber and the assembly room.[9] Pevsner liked the design which he described as "ostentatious" but worthy of "an honourable mention".[10]
As the council's responsibilities grew it needed more office accommodation than was available in the town hall. In 1934 the council bought a large house nearby at 5 Hill Street to serve as its offices. The town hall continued to be used for council meetings.[11][12]
The initial stages of the trial of Major Oliver Smedley for the alleged manslaughter of the band manager, Reginald Calvert, took place in the town hall in July 1966; Smedley was founded to have acted in self-defence and was acquitted.[13]
The town hall continued to serve as the meeting place of the borough council until it was abolished in 1974 and replaced by Uttlesford District Council, which initially established its headquarters at the former Saffron Walden Rural District council offices in Debden Road.[14][15] The town hall instead became the meeting place of the parish-level Saffron Walden Town Council, created as a successor parish covering the same area as the abolished borough.[16]
The BBC Radio programme Any Questions? was broadcast from the town hall in May 2011.[17] As a cost saving measure, Saffron Walden Town Council relocated its staff, who had previously been based in offices in Emson Close, into the town hall in October 2020.[18]
Works of art in the town hall include portraits by Daniël Mijtens of King Charles I[19] and of Queen Henrietta[20] and a portrait by Henry Scott Tuke of the benefactor of the town hall, George Stacey Gibson.[21]
The Fueguian sprat or Falkland sprat (Sprattus fuegensis) is a herring-like, marine fish in the family Clupeidae found in the subtropical southwest Atlantic Ocean from 40° S to Tierra del Fuego and the Falkland Islands. Its depth range is from the surface to 10 m, and its length is up to 18 cm.
The Fueguian sprat has a lower jaw slightly projecting, and a gill cover without bony radiating striae.  The last two anal fin rays are not enlarged, and there are no dark spots on the flanks.  The pterotic bulla is absent.  It is a schooling species found in coastal waters, and a food item of hakes, sea birds and seals in Patagonian Falkland waters.
Coloration is dark blue dorsally and silvery white laterally and ventrally, and all fins are translucent.$25 Million Dollar Hoax is an unscripted television series that was originally shown on American network NBC in November 2004.
The series is noted to be similar in style to FOX's My Big Fat Obnoxious Fiance, which aired in 2004.[2] It is based on a United Kingdom show titled The Million Pound Hoax,[2] broadcast on Sky One earlier that year.[3]
In the series, daughter Chrissy Sanford plays a hoax on her family by convincing them she had won a $25,000,000 lottery prize through the internet, and that it had changed her from a sweet girl into a spend-a-holic.[1][4]
$25 Million Dollar Hoax contained guest appearances by Ed McMahon, George Gray, and N*SYNC's Lance Bass.
Chrissy successfully pulled off the hoax, which won her and her family over $400,000 in cash and prizes.[4]Torgrim Castberg (8 September 1874 – 17 June 1928) was a Norwegian violinist.
Torgrim Castberg was born in Skien as the son of customs surveyor and politician Johan Christian Tandberg Castberg (1827–1899) and his wife Hanna Magdalene Frisak Ebbesen (1839–1881).[1] He had several brothers and sisters,[2] including the notable politician Johan.[3]
His paternal grandfather Peter Hersleb Harboe Castberg was a priest and politician. In addition, Torgrim was a first cousin of sculptor Oscar Ambrosius Castberg.[3] On the maternal side he was a grandson of Jørgen Tandberg Ebbesen and nephew of Just Bing Ebbesen,[4] both of whom were involved in politics too.
Torgrim Castberg married Ida Anker in 1896.[1] Their son Johan Christian became a noted illustrator. Through Johan Castberg, Torgrim was the uncle of professor Frede Castberg.[3]
From 1900 Torgrim Castberg was a concert master in the Bergen Philharmonic Orchestra. In 1928 he established the Music Academy in Bergen.[5]
He died in 1928 in Paris.[1]
This article about a Norwegian musician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article on a violinist or fiddler is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Welcome to Our World is the debut studio album by American hip hop duo Timbaland & Magoo. It was released on November 11, 1997, through Blackground Entertainment and Atlantic Records. The production was handled by Timbaland, except for the song "Joy", which was produced with Smoke E. Digglera. It features guest appearances from Playa, Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott, Aaliyah, Ginuwine, Shaunta Montgomery, & Mad Skillz.
The album peaked at number 33 on the US Billboard 200 albums chart. It was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America on May 12, 1998, for selling over a million copies. It spawned three singles: the official singles "Up Jumps da Boogie" and "Clock Strikes", and the promotional single "Luv 2 Luv Ya". Its lead single, "Up Jumps da Boogie", was certified Gold by the RIAA on August 26, 1997.
In August 2021, Blackground rebranded as Blackground 2.0, with Barry Hankerson remaining as founder. Blackground 2.0 signed a distribution deal with Empire Distribution, which will re-release the label's catalogue onto digital download sites and streaming services.[1][2][3][4] Welcome to Our World was re-released on August 27, 2021.
The Village Voice wrote that Timbaland & Magoo "bring hiphop back to its party-arty roots, creating something fun and fabulous in the hotel-motel-Holiday Inn tradition... These jesters aren't interested in keeping it real: They know much more creativity goes into making it surreal."[9]
^ Shipments figures based on certification alone.
Doomsday is a novel by Warwick Deeping which was published in 1927.
Set in post-1918, rural Sussex, the story revolves around a girl with aspirations to leave her small town, as well as her relationship with a man living on a local acreage, known as the Doomsday Farm.
Released after his big seller Sorrell and Son, Doomsday was also successful, and became the third-best selling book in the United States for 1927.
The novel was developed into a movie of the same name released in 1928 and which starred Florence Vidor and Gary Cooper.

This article about a romance novel of the 1920s is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
See guidelines for writing about novels. Further suggestions might be found on the article's talk page.David Joravsky (September 9, 1925 – October 4, 2020)[1] was an American professor of history, specializing in the Soviet Union's academics in the biological sciences and related politics.[2][3]
Joravsky was born in 1925 in Chicago, Illinois, to Joseph and Bertha (née Segal) Joravsky, and grew up in Osceola, Arkansas and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.[4] David Joravsky served in the United States Army from 1944 to 1946.[5] He graduated in 1947 with a bachelor's degree from the University of Pennsylvania. He became a graduate student at Columbia University, where he graduated in 1949 with a master's degree.[citation needed] He married his wife Doris in 1949.[5] He received his Ph.D. in 1958 from Columbia University's Russian Institute (renamed in 1982 the Harriman Institute).[citation needed] In 1953 he was an instructor at Cornell University.[5] Joravsky was an instructor in history from 1953 to 1954 at Marietta College in Ohio and from 1954 to 1958 at the University of Connecticut in Storrs. In 1958 he was appointed an assistant professor at Brown University, where he was promoted to associate professor in 1961. In 1965 he resigned from Brown University and became a full professor at Northwestern University and retained his professorship until he retired as professor emeritus. He chaired Northwestern University's history department in 1966 and again from 1980 to 1983.[5]
From 1966 to 1969, Joravsky was a director of the American Association for the Advancement of Slavic Studies (renamed in 2010 the Association for Slavic, East European, and Eurasian Studies). He was in 1977–1978 a Woodrow Wilson Center Fellow and from 1982 to 1988 a trustee of the National Council for Soviet and East European Research (NCSEER),[5] founded in 1978 and currently named the National Council for Eurasian and Eastern European Research (NCEEER).[6]
Joravsky promoted the 1971 publication by Alfred A. Knopf of the book Let history judge: the origins and consequences of Stalinism translated from Roy A. Medvedev's original Russian by Colleen Taylor and edited by Joravsky and Georges Haupt with an introduction by Joravsky.[7][5]
Joravsky's main work is The Lysenko Affair, devoted to the intellectual dictatorship established by Trofim Lysenko (1898–1976), a Soviet agriculturist, who became in 1940 the director of the Institute of Genetics within the USSR's Academy of Sciences. Lysenko is notorious for a genetic pseudo-scientific theory, "Michurinian genetics", which he promoted during the Stalinist period in the Soviet Union. In 1948 Michurian genetics reached the rank of exclusive official theory opposed to "bourgeois science". By conducting an investigation based upon the testimonies of people, such as Zhores Medvedev, directly involved in the Lysenko Affair, Joravsky established that Lysenko stubbornly rejected statistically based science, in general, and Mendelian genetics, in particular, and flourished in a system that enforced the view that those with the most political power were always correct.[8] Joravsky elucidated the elements, both political and cultural, which led to many years of political misfortune for scientists accused of "bourgeois science".[9] In a 1989 paper, Nils Roll-Hansen called Joravsky's book "the best documented and most penetrating study" of Lysenkoism.[10] The BBC used Joravsky's book extensively for a dramatized documentary about Soviet science in the 1930s.[5]
Joravsky published many articles in a wide variety of periodicals, including The Nation, The New York Review of Books, the Political Science Quarterly, the journal Science, and Soviet Studies (renamed in 1993 Europe-Asia Studies).[5] His book Soviet Marxism and Natural Science: 1917-1932 was published by Columbia University Press in 1961, and his book Russian Psychology: A Critical History was published by Blackwell in 1989. At the time of his death in 2020, he had completed an unpublished book entitled Great Nations of the West.[2]
Joravsky was a Guggenheim Fellow for the academic year 1964–1965.[11] In 1971 he received the History of Science Society's Pfizer Award for his book The Lysenko Affair.[5]
David Joravsky had three sisters. He dedicated his book The Lysenko Affair to his sister Esther, who died in 1962 at the age of 38 and was the mother of three sons.[12] David and Doris Joravsky had a son and a daughter. Doris Joravsky (1927–2018)[13] was for thirty years a public school teacher in Chicago.[14]
Agnolotti pavesi (Italian: [aɲɲoˈlɔtti paˈveːzi]; sg.: agnolotto pavese; Lombard: agnolot or agnulot[1]) is a type of egg-based stuffed pasta of the Lombard cuisine served hot or warm, typical of the Oltrepò Pavese, an area of the province of Pavia, in the Lombardy region of Italy.[1] Agnolotti pavesi can be served dry, with a sauce based on Pavese stew,[2] or in goose broth.[3][4]
The filling of the agnolotti pavesi is based on Pavese stew.[1] The recipe for this stuffed egg-based pasta is characterized by influences from Piedmontese and Piacentino cuisine, characteristics of areas that border the Oltrepò Pavese.[5] The shape of the pasta was based on the Piedmontese agnolotti, and the filling of Pavese stew is based on stracotto alla piacentina, which is the filling for Piacentino anolini.[6] Piedmontese agnolotti, in particular, differ from the agnolotti pavesi due to the filling, which is instead based on roast meat.[7] Agnolotti pavesi is a typical dish of the Christmas tradition,[8] and are consumed during celebrations and important occasions.[9]
Agnolotti pavesi are prepared by immersion in boiling water. Agnolotti pavesi can be served dry, with a sauce based on Pavese stew,[2] or in goose broth.[3][4] In both cases they may be topped with Parmesan cheese, but no cheese is contained within agnolotti pavesi.[citation needed]
The agnolotto pavese which achieved the world record for its weight (148 kilograms or 326 pounds) was made in Fortunago in 2015.[9] A charity competition, called Palio dell'Agnolotto, is organized in the Oltrepò Pavese, where local restaurants and agritourisms compete in the preparation of the agnolotti pavesi with the aim of winning the event after judges vote, which rewards the three best agnolotti pavesi and awards the special prize for the best plating.[9][10]Kamak-e Sofla (Persian: كمك سفلي, also Romanized as Kamak-e Soflá; also known as Kamak and Kamak-e Pā’īn)[1] is a village in Chaharduli Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 898, in 223 families.[2]
Kuzov Nunatak (Bulgarian: Кузов нунатак, romanized: Kuzov Nunatak, IPA: [ˈkuzof ˈnunɐtak]) is the partly ice-free rocky ridge 2.6 km long in north–south direction, 550 m wide and rising to 590 m[1] on the southwest side of Zagreus Ridge on the Oscar II Coast of the Antarctic Peninsula. It surmounts Green Glacier on the south.[2]
The feature is named after Milan Kuzov (1953–2019), longtime TV director with the Bulgarian National Television and co-founder of the Bulgarian Antarctic Institute, for his contribution to the promotion of Antarctica and support for the Bulgarian Antarctic programme.[2]
Kuzov Nunatak is located at 64°53′49″S 61°50′56″W﻿ / ﻿64.89694°S 61.84889°W﻿ / -64.89694; -61.84889, which is 3 km south by east of Duhla Peak, 2.8 km southwest of Govedare Peak, 11.1 km north of Pirne Peak and 9.7 km east-northeast of Dugerjav Peak.
This article includes information from the Antarctic Place-names Commission of Bulgaria which is used with permission.

This Oscar II Coast location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The Chieftains 4 is an album by The Chieftains. It is the first album to feature Derek Bell on the harp. This album is where The Chieftains' modern sound began.[2]
All tracks traditional compositions; except where indicated
The arrival of Derek Bell on harp gave The Chieftains a distinctive delicate sound. The slow air "Mná na hÉireann" (Women of Ireland), composed by Seán Ó Riada, was used in Stanley Kubrick's 1975 film Barry Lyndon. In 1996 Mike Oldfield recorded it on his album Voyager but credited it to "Traditional".[citation needed]
Lechâtelet (French pronunciation: [ləʃatlɛ]) is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.

This Côte-d'Or geographical article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Lea Springs is an unincorporated community in southwestern Grainger County, Tennessee.[1] It is located two miles northeast of the city of Blaine.[2] It is also located partially inside Blaine's city limits and urban growth boundary.[3]
Lea Springs was the site of a historic mansion of the same name. It was built by slaves in 1819 for Pryor Lea, who grew up in nearby Richland.[4] Lea became a politician in Tennessee and Texas, and he was a founding trustee of the University of Mississippi.[4] He died in 1879, and the house was remodeled as a resort in the 1880s.[4]
The mansion was designed in the Federal architectural style, and was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.[4] It was demolished in 2008 and the property was de-listed in 2023.
Created by Enrique Telémaco Susini, LOR Radio Argentina was the first national broadcast radio station in Argentina. It operated continuously from 1920 to 1997.
After returning to Argentina from Europe in 1919, the radio pioneer Enrique Telémaco Susini started working on the conversion of an old circus site into the Teatro Coliseo theater. Together with his friends Miguel Mugica, Cesar Guerrico and Luis Romero Carranza, he started planning for a radio transmission from there, strongly supported by the two Italian owners, Faustino da Rossa and Walter Mocchi.[1]
During 1920, while the group was working on the project, news reached them of Marconi's successful broadcast of a concert in New York City that had taken place on May 19. Even though it was somewhat of a disappointment that their broadcast would not be the world's first, the preparations continued at a rapid pace.[1]
On August 27, they were finally ready. The theatre was showing the opera Parsifal by Richard Wagner. Susini and his coworkers had set up a 5W transmitter on the roof using a RS-5 Telefunken tube, operating in 350m,[2] along with a wire antenna connected to the dome on top of a neighboring building. To pick up the sound in the theater, they used a microphone originally designed to aid people with hearing loss.[1][3]
Around 8:30 pm, Susini himself took the microphone and inaugurated regular radio broadcast service in Argentina with the words:
Señoras y señores, la Sociedad Radio Argentina les presenta hoy el Festival Sacro de Ricardo Wagner, Parsifal, con la actuación del tenor Maestri...[This quote needs a citation]
(Ladies and gentlemen, the Radio Argentina Society today presents you the [opera] Parsifal by Richard Wagner, featuring the tenor Maestri...)
The transmission continued for about three hours and was received as far as Santos in Brazil, where it was picked up by a ship's radio operator.[3] The number of listeners was limited, since the crystal set radios used at the time were rare and difficult to operate, requiring tedious fine-tuning of a lead glass crystal and installation of a wire antenna several meters long. But the newspaper La Razón published a raving review, and even president Hipólito Yrigoyen commended Susini and his group for their accomplishment.[4]
During the next 19 days, the group continued to broadcast from the theater, transmitting mostly Italian operas such as Verdi's Aida and Rigoletto. After the season at the Teatro Coliseo was over, they started creating productions under their own name. By now they officially called their station "Radio Argentina".[1] Radio Argentina would continue broadcasting until its demise on December 31, 1997.[3]
At first, it was run solely by the four friends. The polyglot Susini himself performed songs in Spanish, French, German, Italian and Russian, assuming a different stage name each time so the listeners would not notice.[5]
During the following years, radio broadcasting in Argentina saw a quick expansion. In 1921, Buenos Aires mayor Juan Barnetche introduced official broadcasting licenses. In the same year, Radio Club Argentina was founded, becoming the first such association on American soil.[1] In October 1922, Radio Argentina broadcast live from the inauguration of president Marcelo Torcuato de Alvear, an historic first.[5] Two months later, the first competitors arrived - Italian-owned Corporación Argentina de Radio Sud América, Radio Brusa and Radio Cultura, all three founded within an interval of three days.[4]
In 1924, the radio industry in Argentina went through a brief crisis, during which Radio Argentina had to be financially supported by an association of industrialists named Asociación Argentina de Broadcasting.
While competitor Radio Sud América went into bankruptcy, and was taken over by Radio Argentina, Radio Argentina itself survived, even though it had to briefly adopt the name of its benefactors. The station now broadcast from the famous Teatro Colón opera as well as from the (Tango-) Club Abdullah, and other venues. Adding to the variety of the schedule was Argentina's first regular radio journal.[1]
1925 saw the introduction of mandatory callsigns for radio stations, and from now on the station was known as LOR Radio Argentina (changed 1934 into LR2 Radio Argentina, it being the second station on the dial from the left). It also entered a collaboration with the daily newspaper Crítica, remaining under the direction of Susini and his friends but adopting the name
"LOR Broadcasting de Crítica". This arrangement lasted a little more than a year, before the station returned to its original name and ownership.[4]
The station closed on January 1, 1997, after a religious show. This was due to economic problems caused by a bad administration.Wróbel (Polish pronunciation: [ˈvrubɛl]; meaning "sparrow") is a Polish surname. The same surname is sometimes spelled Wrubel or Vrubel, reflecting its pronunciation. Czech, Slovak, and Slovene cognates include Vrabel, Vrabec, and Brabec.Paul Marie Félix Jacques René Arnaud de Foïard (9 September 1921 – 7 August 2005) was a général in the French Army who served primarily in the French Foreign Legion taking part in World War II and the conflicts of Indochina and Algeria.
Paul Arnaud de Foïard fought in the resistance where he was captured and interned on 4 December 1942 until 3 June 1943. After escaping, he disembarked in Spain where he was interned at Figueras. He was liberated at Setubal in Portugal, and went to Morocco on 21 August.
During this time, he joined the 501e Régiment de chars de combat 501e RCC. He went to the instruction depot of Dellys, then joined the school of Cherchell as an aspirant. He was assigned to the Marching Regiment of the Foreign Legion with the rank of aspirant on 1 April 1944. With his unit, he participated in the disembarking at Saint-Raphaël in September, then to the offensive of the Ist Army, during which he was wounded by a mine. He was evacuated on 28 November 1944 and earned his first croix de guerre 1939–1945. It was at the head of his section in Germany that he was awarded the Médaille militaire in 1945.
On 8 February 1945 he was assigned to the 11th company of the Marching Regiment of the Foreign Legion. He led a platoon on 20 March 1945 at the crossroad south of Buchelberg, during the siege of Mulhausen on 4 April, on the bridge of Enns on the 7th, in Herrenberg on the 18th, at Hattingen on the 25th, and at Immendingen on the 26th. He was awarded three citations and the Médaille militaire. At the end of the war, he was sent to the École militaire interarmes.
de Foïard joined the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment on 20 December 1945. In February 1946 he was designated a sous-lieutenant to be effective 1 February 1944. He was then promoted to the rank of lieutenant on 1 February 1946.
He participated to the campaigns of Indochina. He went to Saigon and joined the 11th company of the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment on 11 June 1946. He was wounded by a machine gun, at My Duc Thay on 22 January 1947. On 23 October 1947 he was assigned the company of camions bennes CCB. Accordingly, he was awarded a new citation at the orders of the armed forces and the knight croix of the Légion d’honneur, bestowed on 14 July 1947. This last one was matched with the croix de guerre des TOE, for his personal action in Cai Lay in Cochinchine; at Am Thai Dong in the province of Mytho.
During the creation of the Parachute Company of the 3rd Foreign Infantry Regiment, Co. Para du 3e REI, on 1 April 1948, he assumed the command of a platoon section under the order of lieutenant Jacques Morin. On 16 May he was awarded a citation at the orders of the division during a combat exchange battle at the fortified village of Tho Truong. Repatriated sanitary, he disembarked in Marseille, was hospitalized and benefitted of a break. He was assigned to the regional administrative company of Versailles.
Promoted to captain on 2 January 1952, he reassumed the service on 14 October 1952. He was entrusted with the command of the 2nd company of the 1st battalion of the 1st Foreign Infantry Regiment 1er REI on the 20. On 13 March 1953 he commanded the platoons of the 1e REI at Saida. In November he joined the moral service of the legion as editor-in-chief of Képi Blanc in Sidi Bel Abbès until dissolution in July 1955. He was then assigned in the qualities of a commandant of the 5th company of the 2nd battalion of the 4th Foreign Infantry Regiment 4e REI at Fes in Morocco. The  5e du 2/4e REI became the 6e CP du 4e REI, on 16 November 1956. At the corps of this unit, he partook to operations of maintaining order in the Rif and notably at Hibel, Tembouzid, and Zoua Ouah. He was cited at the orders of the division with croix de la Valeur militaire on 11 July 1956. He joined metropole in 1957 and was assigned to the depot of the legion.
Detached the provisionary commando group, in qualities of an instructor in garrison at El Hadjeb from 16 February to 4 July 1956, he was awarded a citation at the orders of the armed corps. Another citation at the orders of the armed corps, was conferred for another engagement. On 1 August 1957 he was assigned to the depot of the Legion in Marseille. He was promoted officer in the order of the Légion d’honneur on 18 December 1958. He joined the ESMIA de Coëtquidan groupment, on 1 June 1959. He was accordingly promoted to chef de battaillon on 1 October 1959.
He integrated the 74 promotion of the école supérieure de guerre in August 1960. Following, he was assigned to the operation means bureau of the 2nd Foreign Parachute Regiment 2e REP, on 1 July 1962. On 1 October 1963 he was assigned to EMAT bureau, where he was promoted to the rank of lieutenant-colonel, on 1 October 1964. Designated during his command time, he embarked to Mers el Kebir and became regimental commander of the 2e REP, on 1 June 1965 at Bou Sfer.
On 15 June 1967 the REP was repatriated on Corsica. With the finalization of this command tenure, he joined the EMA on 1 July. Accordingly, he was promoted to commander of the Légion d’honneur, on 14 July and to the rank of colonel, on 1 October. He was designated to serve at the 1st Parachute Brigade 1re BP and placed in subsistence at the 420th command and service battalion on 1 August 1972. The following January he was promoted to rank of brigadier general.
In August 1974 he was designated in a director quality, hors-cadre, of the Secrétariat général de la défense et de la sécurité nationale, under the orders of the Prime Minister of France and occupied the vice-presidency of the permanent council for military service in 1975. Reintegrated, he joined the 11th Parachute Division 11e DP and was division commander on 29 November 1975. He was promoted to division general, in December 1976.
Promoted to the rank and designation of a général de corps d’armée on 1 August 1979, he became director of the enseignement militaire supérieur of the French Army in October. On 17 September 1981 he was nominated as a grand officier de la Légion d’honneur. Attained by the reglementary age limit of his rank to the section of officer generals, on 10 September 1981.
He totalized 9 citations.Thomas Mounsey Cunningham (1776–1834) was a Scottish poet.
The second son of John Cunningham and Elizabeth Harley, daughter of a Dumfries merchant, he was born at Culfaud, Kirkcudbrightshire, on 25 June 1776. He was an elder brother of Allan Cunningham. He received his early education at a dame's school and the village school of Kellieston, after which he attended Dumfries Academy, where he acquired a knowledge of book-keeping and the elements of mathematics, French, and Latin.[1][2]
At sixteen Cunningham became clerk to John Maxwell of Terraughty, but remained with him only a short time. He was next apprenticed to a millwright, and on the conclusion of his apprenticeship in 1797 found employment at Rotherham. His master having become bankrupt, he went to London, and was planning to emigrate to the West Indies, when he learned that his master had set up in business at King's Lynn in Norfolk, and joined him there. About 1800 he moved to Wiltshire, and soon afterwards to the neighbourhood of Cambridge.[1]
In 1805 Cunningham was in Dover; going on to London, he found employment in the establishment of George Rennie the engineer. Subsequently he was for some time foreman superintendent of Fowler's chain cable manufactory, by London Docks; then in 1812 he again joined Rennie's establishment as a clerk, and rose to be the chief clerk.[1][3]
Cunningham died on 28 October 1834 in Princes Street, Blackfriars Road, London.[1]
At an early age Cunningham had begun to compose songs and poetry in Lallans, and in 1797 The Har'st Kirn (Harvest Home) was published in Brash and Reid's Poetry, original and selected. While at Cambridge he wrote: The Hills o' Gallowa, wrongly included in a collected edition of Robert Burns published by Orphoot at Edinburgh in 1820; a satirical poem entitled The Cambridgeshire Garland; and another that was similar, The Unco Grave.[1]
In 1806 Cunningham began to contribute poetry to the Scots Magazine, his verse being mainly on Lowland country life. In 1809 he was invited by James Hogg to contribute to his Forest Minstrel. On the founding  of the Edinburgh Magazine in 1817, he contributed to it poems and songs, and under the title Literary Legacy, prose sketches on society, stories and antiquarian topics. In the end he became discouraged as a writer.[1]
Attribution
This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain: Stephen, Leslie, ed. (1888). "Cunningham, Thomas Mounsey". Dictionary of National Biography. Vol. 13. London: Smith, Elder & Co.
USS Tutuila (PR-4) was a gunboat in the service of the United States Navy from 1928, until her transfer to China, under lend-lease in 1942.
Tutuila was laid down as gunboat PG-44 on 17 October 1926, at the Kiangnan Dockyard and Engineering Works in Shanghai, China; launched on 14 June 1927, sponsored by Miss Beverly Pollard; and commissioned on 2 March 1928.
Assigned to the Yangtze Patrol (YangPat) and redesignated river gunboat PR-4 on 16 June 1928, Tutuila cruised on shakedown up the Yangtze River from Shanghai to Yichang, where she joined her sister ship Guam in mid-July. Convoying river steamers through the upper reaches of the Yangtze on her first passage through the scenic gorges, she flew the flag of Rear Admiral Yates Stirling Jr., Commander, Yangtze Patrol (ComYangPat). Tutuila's shallow draft enabled her to traverse the treacherous rapids of the gorges with ease, so that the fluctuating water levels did not hinder her year-round access to the upper stretch of the Yangtze. Her duty with YangPat offered excitement and variety: conducting roving armed patrols; convoying merchantmen; providing armed guards for American flag steamers; and "showing the flag" to protect American lives and property in a land where civil strife and warfare had been a way of life for centuries.
Dealing with sniping by bandits or warlord troops in the 1920s and 1930s required both tact and—on occasion—a few well-placed rounds of 3 in (76 mm) or .30 in (7.62 mm) gunfire. One incident which called for a mixture of diplomacy and force came in 1929, when Lt. Cdr. S. D. Truesdell was in command of the gunboat. He called on the Chinese warlord from whose territory some rifle shots had come. During a discussion of the incident, the general explained that his men were merely "country boys, who meant no harm". Truesdell replied that he, too, had some "country boys" among his own crew. He noted that he had found them tinkering with the after 3-inch gun, pointing it at the general's conspicuous white headquarters as they practiced their range-finding. Truesdell's rejoinder bore immediate fruit; the sniper fire ceased.
In 1937, the complexion of life for the Yangtze gunboats changed. The undeclared Second Sino-Japanese War began in July and spread to the Yangtze valley in August–September. Japanese river operations effectively bottled up the river for neutral gunboats, and their proximity to war zones produced incidents such as the sinking of Panay by Japanese aircraft on 12 December 1937. On 3 August 1938, Tutuila followed Luzon up the river to Chongqing, as the YangPat flagship carried the American Ambassador—Nelson T. Johnson—to that river port.
Tutuila remained at Chongqing as station ship with little hope of relief. Further Japanese operations resulted in the capture of Hankou in October 1938, making river travel below the former Chinese capital city subject to harassment and obstruction by the Japanese Navy. Such conditions resulted in the stranding of Tutuila at Chongqing, where she remained through 1941.
On 8 May 1940 Tutuila ran aground and was damaged. She remained stranded until refloated on 13 May then repaired and returned to service.
After the fall of Hankou, the Chinese moved their capital up river to Tutuila's station, Chongqing. Japanese forces thus stepped up the intensity of their attacks on that city, and air raids were common occurrences during the spring, summer, and fall. Only winter bad weather prevented the Japanese from year-round heavy raids. Moored at Lungmenhao Lagoon, Tutuila bore a charmed life until 31 July 1941, when Japanese bombs landed close aboard, holing the ship at her waterline and destroying the ship's motor skimmer with its outboard motor.
By late 1941, as the situation in the Far East worsened, four gunboats remained with YangPat and one in the South China Patrol. Admiral Hart's reduction of naval forces in Chinese waters cut this number to two. Luzon—with Rear Admiral William A. Glassford, ComYangPat, aboard—departed from Shanghai for Manila on 28 November 1941 in company with Oahu. Wake remained at Shanghai as station ship; Tutuila, beyond hope of escape, remained marooned at Chongqing. Mindanao departed Hong Kong at approximately the same time and arrived in the Philippines shortly after hostilities commenced.
Shortly after his arrival in Manila, RAdm. Glassford deactivated the Yangtze Patrol on 6 December 1941. Within a few days, Japanese air attacks had devastated Pearl Harbor; and hostilities were underway with a rapidity which caught Wake unawares at Shanghai, where she was captured. For Tutuila, however, this news only heightened the anxiety.
Her residual complement of two officers and 22 enlisted men was ordered to depart from Chongqing without their ship. She was then taken under the jurisdiction of the Naval Attaché attached to the American Embassy, Chongqing. She was decommissioned on 18 January 1942, the same day Tutuila's crew flew out of the city.
The attaché delivered the ship to an authorized representative of the Republic of China on 16 February 1942. Then, under terms of lend-lease, the U.S. Navy leased the gunboat to China on 19 March, her name becoming Mei Yuan, which can be translated as "of American origin". The name Tutuila was struck from the U.S. Naval Vessel Register on 26 March.
The ship was permanently transferred to the Chinese government on 17 February 1948. She served the Nationalist Navy until near the end of the Civil War which ravaged China after World War II. As Communist forces advanced upon Shanghai, the Nationalists abandoned and scuttled Mei Yuan to prevent her capture. Her subsequent fate is unknown.
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.
"Official Chronology of the US Navy in WWII". Ibiblio. Retrieved 13 May 2014.Josef Mikoláš (Czech pronunciation: [ˈjozɛf ˈmɪkolaːʃ], 23 January 1938 – 20 March 2015) was a Czechoslovak ice hockey goaltender of the 1950s and 1960s. His biggest success came in 1961 when he helped the Czechoslovak national ice hockey team win silver medals at the World Ice Hockey Championships in Geneva, Switzerland and in 1963 when they took bronze in Stockholm, Sweden. Altogether he played in 29 matches for the national team.[2]
Josef Mikoláš was born to a single mother and had three younger siblings. When he was a small boy, he suffered from several serious illnesses, including pneumonia and rickets. When he was five years old, he still could not walk. Despite this he later attended a coal mining apprentice school in Ostrava and worked as a coal miner after he finished it. He lived in Ostrava and started his ice hockey career here.[3]
Josef Mikoláš started playing for ice-hockey team Pracovní zálohy Ostrava in 1956, but soon he came to another Ostrava team, VŽKG Vítkovice, who were playing in the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League, the highest league in former Czechoslovakia.[3][4] He quickly got recognition for both his goaltender's skills and courage with which he faced the shots, although he was not wearing any head protection in that time.[2][3]
In 1959 he was elected the best Czechoslovak goaltender of the season. His career culminated in 1961, when he was nominated into the Czechoslovak national ice hockey team for the World Ice Hockey Championships in Geneva, Switzerland. The team won most of the matches and surprisingly beat even the Soviet Union 6–4. They drew with Canada 1–1 and finally took silver due to Canada's better overall score. For his performance Josef Mikoláš won the trophy of the Czechoslovak Sportsperson of the Year.[2][3] In 1962 the World Championships took place in Colorado Springs, USA, but the Soviet Union and Czechoslovakia boycotted the tournament.[5] In 1963 they took bronze at the World Championships in Stockholm, Sweden.
Josef Mikoláš was acknowledged for his courage, with which he faced the puck although he did not wear face protection. In his time only some goaltenders experimented with home-made masks, but he refused to use any.[2] Throughout his career he lost eight teeth and suffered a broken cheekbone, double fracture of his lower jaw and 35 sutured injuries.[3][4] As the most painful he described a shot of Karel Gut, which cost him four teeth at one moment. Altogether he had about eighty stitches all over his head. He tried wearing a goaltender mask only a short time before the end of his career.[2]
Soon after the World Championships in Sweden Mikoláš's career started declining. In 1965 he got divorced and moved to Chomutov, where he got married again and played for VTŽ Chomutov until 1968.[2] Then he returned to Ostrava but in 1970 he finally finished his ice hockey career and worked as a sports journalist.[2][3] He had three daughters.[2] On 20 March 2015, he died after an illness.[6]
Dear God is a 1996 American comedy film distributed by Paramount Pictures, directed by Garry Marshall and starring Greg Kinnear and Laurie Metcalf.
The song of the same title by Midge Ure was used in the film's theatrical trailer and in the film itself.
Tom Turner, a con artist in Los Angeles, is arrested for working cons he is presently doing to pay off his gambling debt to Junior, a loan shark. He is sentenced by the judge to find a full-time job by the end of the week and keep it for at least a year, or be sent to jail.
Tom finds work at the post office sorting mail in the dead letter office. Surrounded by quirky coworkers, Tom finds out what happens to letters addressed to the Easter Bunny, Elvis Presley, and God, and out of curiosity reads one of the letters sent to God.
While reading the letter, sent by a needy single mother, Tom accidentally drops his paycheck; it is mailed back to her. When Tom comes to retrieve his paycheck, he sees the good it has done and leaves, not knowing that Rebecca, a burnt-out workaholic lawyer coworker doing pro-bono work, has seen him doing so.
Believing that Tom sent the money on purpose, Rebecca rallies the rest of the dead letter office workers to continue what he has started. Tom, becoming the unwilling leader of the group, starts answering more and more letters sent to the post office asking God for help. The group answers more prayers, enriching people's lives, while Tom tries to find love with Gloria, a coffee bar waitress, and keep out of jail.
After the loan shark trashes Tom's apartment, things are replaced by 'God' or rather his coworkers. Webster, Junior's 'heavy', stops by to let him know that he was hit by a bus, so is off the hook for the loan.
Others begin to step up, replacing Christmas presents stolen from the Salvation Army, the Santa Monica homeless had canned goods delivered to them as requested, and 5,000 in cash comes in. Tom, believing that it is a trap, suggests that they lie low for a while.
The postmaster general announces on a news report that it is a federal offense for postal workers to open mail not addressed to them. The postal police show up to arrest Idris Abraham, as he took responsibility for giving a homeless man a trumpet.
Tom confesses on TV, saying that it was all him. Rebecca, acting as his defense attourney, calls the other postal workers from the department. As she is making her closing statements, Herman, a fellow postal worker who sees that Rebecca is losing, calls in postal carriers from throughout Los Angeles. They fill the streets around the courthouse demanding that Tom be released. The judge declares him not guilty, only holding him to complete the 12 months of work sentenced to him in the previous hearing.
Dear God received generally negative reviews from critics. Siskel & Ebert gave the film two thumbs down upon its release.[2] James Berardinelli gave the film one star and explained, "At least after seeing this movie, I understand where the title came from – starting about thirty minutes into this interminable, unfunny feature, I began looking at my watch every few minutes and thinking, 'Dear God, is this ever going to end?' A sickeningly bad pastiche of much better pictures – It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street, and (believe it or not) Spartacus all leap to mind – Dear God is the worst excuse for a holiday film since Nora Ephron's hideous Mixed Nuts."[3]
As of December 2020, film review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes had given the film a 12% positive rating, based on reviews from 34 critics. The consensus summarizes: "Dear God never had a prayer, with Greg Kinnear's angelic charisma weighted down by a screenplay bereft of wit but heavy on schmaltz."[4]Juraj Filip is a Slovak sprint canoer who competed in the mid-1990s. He won a bronze medal in the C-4 500 m event at the 1994 ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships in Mexico City.

This article about a Slovak canoeist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Arnold Böcklin (16 October 1827 – 16 January 1901) was a Swiss Symbolist painter.  His five versions of the Isle of the Dead inspired works by several late-Romantic composers.
Arnold Böcklin was born in Basel. His father, Christian Frederick Böcklin (b. 1802), was descended from an old family of Schaffhausen, and engaged in the silk trade. His mother, Ursula Lippe, was a native of the same city.[1] Arnold studied at the Düsseldorf academy under Schirmer,[1] and became a friend of Anselm Feuerbach. He is associated with the Düsseldorf school of painting. Schirmer, who recognized in him a student of exceptional promise, sent him to Antwerp and Brussels, where he copied the works of Flemish and Dutch masters. Böcklin then went to Paris, worked at the Louvre, and painted several landscapes.[1]
After serving his time in the army, Böcklin set out for Rome in March 1850. The many sights of Rome were a fresh stimulus to his mind. These new influences brought allegorical and mythological figures into his compositions. In 1856 he returned to Munich, and remained there for four years.
His first fiancée died young. A second woman declined to marry. In Rome, he married Angela Rosa Lorenza Pascucci in 1853. The couple had fourteen children, but five died in childhood and another three died before Böcklin. He himself nearly succumbed to typhoid in 1859.[2]
He then exhibited the Great Park, one of his earliest works, in which he treated ancient mythology. Of this period are his Nymph and Satyr, Heroic Landscape (Diana Hunting), both of 1858, and Sappho (1859). These works, which were much discussed, together with Lenbach's recommendation, gained him appointment as professor at the Weimar academy. He held the office for two years, painting the Venus and Love, a Portrait of Lenbach, and a Saint Catherine.[1]
He returned to Rome from 1862 to 1866, and there gave his fancy and his taste for violent colour free play in his Portrait of Mme Böcklin, and in An Anchorite in the Wilderness (1863), a Roman Tavern, and Villa on the Seashore (1864). He returned to Basel in 1866 to finish his frescoes in the gallery, and to paint, besides several portraits, The Magdalene with Christ (1868), Anacreon's Muse (1869), and A Castle and Warriors (1871). His Portrait of Myself, with Death playing a violin (1872), was painted after his return again to Munich, where he exhibited Battle of the Centaurs, Landscape with Moorish Horsemen and A Farm (1875). From 1876 to 1885 Böcklin was working at Florence, and painted a Pietà, Ulysses and Calypso, Prometheus, and the Sacred Grove.[1]
From 1886 to 1892 he settled at Zürich, after which he resided at San Domenico, near Florence.[1] From this period are the Naiads at Play, A Sea Idyll, and War.
Böcklin died on 16 January 1901 in Fiesole. He is buried in the Cimitero degli Allori in the southern suburb of Florence, Italy.
Influenced by Romanticism, Böcklin's symbolist use of imagery derived from mythology and legend often overlapped with the aesthetic of the Pre-Raphaelites. Many of his paintings are imaginative interpretations of the classical world,[3] or portray mythological subjects in settings involving classical architecture, often allegorically exploring death and mortality in the context of a strange, fantasy world.
Böcklin is best known for his five versions (painted 1880 to 1886) of the Isle of the Dead, which partly evokes the English Cemetery, Florence, which was close to his studio and where his baby daughter Maria had been buried. An early version of the painting was commissioned by a Madame Berna, a widow who wanted a painting with a dreamlike atmosphere.[4]
Clement Greenberg wrote in 1947 that Böcklin's work "is one of the most consummate expressions of all that is now disliked about the latter half of the nineteenth century."[5]
During his lifetime, Böcklin achieved considerable recognition, especially in central Europe, and influenced younger artists such as Hans Thoma.[6] After his death in 1901 his reputation declined rapidly as modern art styles made the literary character of his paintings seem old-fashioned.[6]  Despite this, his work was a significant influence on Giorgio de Chirico[7] – who said "Each of Böcklin's works is a shock"[3] – and was admired by Surrealist painters such as Max Ernst and Salvador Dalí. A general revival of interest in Böcklin began only in the 1960s.[6]
When asked who was his favorite painter, Marcel Duchamp controversially named Arnold Böcklin as having a major influence on his art. Whether Duchamp was serious in this assertion is still debated.[citation needed]
H. R. Giger created a picture called Homage à Böcklin, based upon Isle of the Dead.[8][9]
Museums holding several works by Böcklin include the Kunstmuseum Basel and the Kunsthaus Zürich.
Böcklin's paintings, especially Isle of the Dead, inspired several late-Romantic composers.
The Schriftgiesserei Otto Weisert foundry designed an Art Nouveau typeface in 1904 and named it "Arnold Böcklin" in his honor.
Adolf Hitler was fond of Böcklin's work, at one time owning 11 of his paintings.[12]
Roger Zelazny's novel Isle of the Dead features a planet-building character inspired by the painting to create an Isle of the Dead on one of his worlds, and an Ace books edition features a cover painting by Dean Ellis that is deliberately reminiscent of Böcklin's work.[13]
Yemelyan Yaroslavsky, Academician of the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union, opened his 1942 laudatory article on Dmitry Shostakovich's Seventh Symphony with an allusion to Böcklin's painting "War".[14]Chiochiș (Hungarian: Kékes) is a commune in Bistrița-Năsăud County, Transylvania, Romania. It is composed of ten villages: Apatiu (Dellőapáti), Bozieș (Magyarborzás), Buza Cătun (Buzaifogadók), Chețiu (Ketel), Chiochiș, Jimbor (Szászzsombor; German: Sommer), Manic (Mányik), Sânnicoară (Aranyosszentmiklós), Strugureni (Mezőveresegyháza; Rothkirch), and Țentea (Cente).
The commune lies on the Transylvanian Plateau, on the banks of the river Apatiu and its tributary, the river Beudiu. It is located in the southwestern part of the county, on the border with Cluj County, at a distance of 27 km (17 mi) from the town of Beclean and 42 km (26 mi) from the county seat, Bistrița; the city of Gherla is 31 km (19 mi) to the west, in Cluj County.
At the 2011 census, 73.2% of the population were Romanians, 24.1% Hungarians and 2.5% Roma. At the 2002 census, 68.7% were Romanian Orthodox, 22.1% Reformed, 4% Pentecostal, 2% Baptist, and 1.8% Greek-Catholic.
The following churches are situated in the commune:
On the western side of the village of Manic there is a string of lakes, set up in 1980; the lakes are rich in Prussian carp.[2]
This Bistrița-Năsăud County location article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Bill Heid (born August 11, 1948) is an American jazz pianist and organist from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.[1]

This article on an American jazz pianist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.MS Loreley is a tourist boat built in 1996 for the Köln-Düsseldorfer Deutsche Rheinschiffahrt AG. From 2014 she is primarily used for charters and special occasions, as well as for cruises near Cologne. She is also used occasionally in schedule between Cologne and Bad Hönningen. Loreley is the identical twin of Asbach, (ex-Marksburg).
Loreley is a three deck passenger ship with two large cabins on the main deck. In the regular configuration the front cabin accommodates 278 guests, and the somewhat higher rear cabin with bar accommodates 141 guests. Below the rear main cabin is a deck of only 1.40 m high, which is used to store bicycles. The main upper deck can accommodate 150 guests, and can be covered if the sun is too bright. The stern upper deck is a playground for children.[2]
On the lower deck near the bow, there are 6 crew cabins on each side. Behind that, the boat's kitchen is situated, and behind that, the boat's wardrobe, toilets and office. A stair connects these parts of the boat to the main deck. Further to the stern are cool stores, general storage rooms, and the engine room. These parts are connected to the main deck by stairs only accessible to the boat's staff. Between the lower deck and the keel are tanks for drinking water, fuel and waste.[2]
All stern decks are accessible for handicapped persons through a special facility. The useful surface of the boat is about 630 m2. The height of the decks is 2.20 to 3 m. Maximum passenger capacity is 600 people.[2]
Loreley has two V-10-Zylinder-Diesel engines of 346 kW of Baureihe MAN D2840LE. These turn two Aquamaster propellers of the Rauma US381/1500 typ. The bow propeller by shipyard De Gerlien van Tiem has its own 230 kW strong MAN engine. The boat is 68.13 m long, 11.40 m wide and 10.30 m high. When fully loaded, draft is still only 1.25 m.[1]
Loreley was built in 1995-1996 by the Dutch Shipyard De Hoop in Rijnwaarden. She was laid down in November 1995, and launched on 1 June 1996. Loreley was delivered on 30 June. On 5 July Loreley was christened in St. Goarshausen by Kirsten Treibisch, who called her after the Lorelei. Loreley is the fourth boat of the Köln-Düsseldorfer that bears this name. From July 6, Loreley was employed in scheduled service on the Middle Rhine between Koblenz and Rüdesheim am Rhein.[2] On 18 September 2003 Harald Schmidt aired his television show from aboard Loreley.
In late September 2003, the level of the Rhine was extremely low. On 28 September Loreley set out for a scheduled trip from Rüdesheim to Koblenz. Near the Lorelei, the rock whose name she bore, Loreley hit the ground with both propellers. The damage rendered the boat unmaneuverable. The captain was able to reduce her speed with use of the bow propeller, but she was nevertheless beached near Rhine kilometer 553.7, while running at about 15 km/h. 41 of the 349 guests complained about injuries. 5 guests were hospitalized. The others were treated on site.[3] A state investigation ruled out any technical defect, and the KD blamed the accident on the extremely low water level of only 1.44 m. On 25 November the government then released the boat for further service. However, Loreley had suffered so much damage, that a new bow section was ordered at Shipyard De Hoop. The Kölner Werft in Mülheimer Hafen then joined this section to Loreley.[1]
In December 2008 Loreley was sold to the 100% KD subsidiary KD Europe S.à r.l in Luxemburg.[4] She was next registered in Valletta auf Malta in January 2009.[5] All this was only an administrative reality, because Loreley was never intended to go near Malta, and would stay on the Rhine.This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 571 of the United States Reports:
The 12″ Collection is a compilation album by British rock band Queen which was only available via the Box Of Tricks box set. It features various 12-inch single format recordings and remixes. "Bohemian Rhapsody" was never released on a 12-inch single and the sleeve notes state that it is included due to its length.
"The Show Must Go On" did appear on a 12-inch single, but not as an extended version. The sleeve notes do not mention why it was included.

This 1990s rock album–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Midway is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in LaSalle Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 1,291 at the 2010 census,[2] down from 1,505 at the 2000 census.
Midway is located in central LaSalle Parish at 31°40′56″N 92°8′49″W﻿ / ﻿31.68222°N 92.14694°W﻿ / 31.68222; -92.14694 (31.682294, -92.146866).[3] It is bordered to the north and east by Jena, the parish seat, and to the west by Good Pine. U.S. Route 84 passes through the northern part of Midway, leading east into Jena and northwest 14 miles (23 km) to Tullos. Louisiana Highway 8 passes through the southern part of Midway, also leading east into Jena but running southwest 21 miles (34 km) to Pollock.
According to the United States Census Bureau, the Midway CDP has a total area of 3.1 square miles (7.9 km2), of which 0.03 square miles (0.08 km2), or 1.04%, are water.[4]
As of the census[6] of 2000, there were 1,505 people, 512 households, and 366 families residing in the CDP. The population density was 429.6 inhabitants per square mile (165.9/km2). There were 577 housing units at an average density of 164.7 per square mile (63.6/km2). The racial makeup of the CDP was 53.02% White, 45.58% African American, 0.66% Native American, 0.13% Asian, 0.07% Pacific Islander, and 0.53% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.73% of the population.
There were 512 households, out of which 36.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 42.8% were married couples living together, 24.6% had a female householder with no husband present, and 28.5% were non-families. 25.4% of all households were made up of individuals, and 9.6% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.72 and the average family size was 3.25.
In the CDP, the population was spread out, with 29.2% under the age of 18, 7.8% from 18 to 24, 24.1% from 25 to 44, 22.1% from 45 to 64, and 16.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 36 years. For every 100 females, there were 79.8 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.5 males.
The median income for a household in the CDP was $19,479, and the median income for a family was $27,500. Males had a median income of $27,100 versus $15,000 for females. The per capita income for the CDP was $12,819. About 28.4% of families and 30.2% of the population were below the poverty line, including 36.9% of those under age 18 and 12.8% of those age 65 or over.
Pseudecheneis gracilis is a species of sisorid catfish found in the Longchuanjiang River, which is a tributary of the Irrawaddy River in Yunnan, China.[1]
Pseudecheneis gracilis reaches a standard length of 18.8 cm (7.4 in).[2]

This Sisoridae-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The Belarusian national revival (Belarusian: Беларускае нацыянальнае адраджэнне) is a social, cultural and political movement that advocates the revival of Belarusian culture, language, customs, and the creation of the Belarusian statehood at the national foundation.[citation needed]
In the early and mid 19th century, Jan Czeczot, Wladyslaw Syrokomla, Wincenty Dunin-Marcinkiewicz, Jan Barszczewski and several other writers, most of whom represented the local nobility, created the first literary works in modern Belarusian language.[citation needed] Their works were written in local rural dialects and ignored the traditions of the written Old Belarusian language from the period of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.[citation needed]
In the second half of the 19th century, leftist national clubs emerged among Belarusian students in the major universities of the Russian Empire, i.e. in the University of St. Petersburg.[citation needed] These clubs issued several illegal publications, for example, Homan with demands for autonomy or independence for Belarus.[citation needed] Ignacy Hryniewiecki, the assassin of Tsar Alexander II of Russia, according to some historians, was one of the creators of the Belarusian faction in the Russian socialist movement Narodnaya Volya.[1]
Lalita Babar (born 2 June 1989) is an Indian long-distance runner. She was born in a small village in the Satara district, Maharashtra. She predominantly competes in the 3000 metres steeplechase and is the current Indian national record holder and the reigning Asian Champion in the same event.
Babar was named as the Sports Person of the Year in the India Sports Awards 2015 organised by Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) and the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports of India.
Babar was born on 2 June 1989 in Mohi, a village in Satara district, in the Indian State of Maharashtra into a family of farmers.[1] She was born in an area which was regularly affected by droughts, which adversely affects the agriculture in the area.[2]
Babar started her career in athletics as a long-distance runner at a young age. She won her first Gold medal in the U-20 National Championships at Pune in 2005.[3]
Babar began her career in track and field athletics as a long-distance runner.
In 2014, she became the hat-trick winner of the Mumbai Marathon.[4] Determined to win a medal in multi-discipline events like the Asian Games and Commonwealth Games, she switched to 3000 metres steeplechase in January 2014, following her win at the marathon. At the 2014 Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea, she won the bronze medal clocking 9:35.37 in the final. In the process, she broke the national record held by Sudha Singh.[5]
At the 2015 Asian Championships, Babar won the gold medal clocking 9:34.13 and broke her own personal record, the Indian national record and the games record. In the process, she qualified for the 2016 Summer Olympics. She also qualified for 2016 Summer Olympic in Marathon with her personal best of 2:38:21 at Mumbai Marathon 2015.[6] She went on to break the record again at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing with a time of 9:27.86 in her qualifying heat.[7] Being the first Indian woman to qualify for the steeplechase final, she placed eighth in the final.[8][9]
In April 2016, she again bettered the national record with a time of 9:27.09 at the Federation Cup National Athletics Championships in New Delhi.[10] At the Rio de Janeiro Summer Olympics, she bettered it with a time of 9:19.76 in her heat, qualifying to the final, and in the process became the first Indian in 32 years to enter a final in any track event.[11] At the final, she finished 10th with a time of 9:22.74.[12]
According to a news story dated 2020-11-28, Babar has been appointed as tahasildar of Mangaon a taluka in Raigad district of Maharashtra, from the sports quota.[13]
Sports Person of the Year Awards (2015), FICCI and Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports
India Sports Awards (2015), by FICCI and Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports
Arjuna Award, by Government of India[14][15]Gilyard is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The British Approvals Board for Telecommunications (BABT) is a telecommunications certification body.
It was established in July 1982 by the UK government to provide type approval services to the telecommunications terminal industry. At that point in history, British Telecom was a state monopoly, and even by 1982 BT only allowed (via approval) the four British manufacturers (STC, GEC, Plessey, and the "Thorn-Ericsson" partnership) to supply its twenty five types of phone through them, and not independently. However around 200,000 unapproved, independently bought phones were being used on the network. Loyalty to BT was of importance (commercially sensitive) to STC, Plessey and GEC as equipment for BT's exchanges was made exclusively by them.
In the same year, BT was becoming more commercially minded, opening up around one hundred new BT Phone Shops having become separated from the GPO through the British Telecommunications Act 1981 which also created the BABT. In 1982 there was a step-change in types of BT phones entering the market, and technology used for connecting phones, and the BABT was needed with a greater variety of phones than was previously available: BT was about to lose its monopoly on supplying phones.
From July 1982, manufacturers could submit phones to be approved by BABT for a cost of £1,700, and would either carry the green circular label if approved, or a red triangular label if not (right).[1] The main four British suppliers of telephones were very wary about supplying to non-BT independent retailers. At the same time BT was introducing its so-called IXT phones (IneXpensive Telephone), designed for the new plug-and-socket connections - another innovation. Philips TMC (formerly the Telephone Manufacturing Company) also made the new (more electronic) IXT phones.[2][3] The British telephone sockets were introduced on 19 November 1981. On 19 July 1982, the government announced its desire to privatise BT, which happened in late 1984. By 1982, 15 million British homes had a phone, with 5 out of 6 only having one phone. Adding an extra phone without the new sockets was heavy work.
In the 1980s, it shared offices with the BEAB in Hersham, Surrey. The Telecommunications Act 1984 detailed standards for modems, which had to conform to BABT standards.
Since its incarnation, BABT has established itself as a Notified Body in Europe and has a number of appointments such as the IMEI allocation authority for GSM terminals under appointment from the GSM Association. In May 1992 it gave its first GSM approval to Orbitel.
BABT is wholly owned by TÜV SÜD Product Service, Germany's leading testing and certification body.
BABT is a Notified Body for the following European Directives: 98/13/EC TTE & SESE Directive (now superseded by the R&TTE Directive); 89/336/EEC EMC Directive; 73/23/EEC Low Voltage Directive; 1999/5/EC R&TTE Directive. BABT is a Competent Body for the following Directives: 89/336/EEC EMC Directive
Sebastião Reis Júnior [pt]
Justices
HC 929002 was a case of the Superior Court of Justice of Brazil concerning anti-white racism, sometimes referred to in Brazil as "reverse racism".[a] The question arose of whether the Race Crimes Law (Law 7,716 of 1989), which prescribes harsher punishment for race-related hate crimes, also applied to white victims.[3]
The case's rapporteur, minister Og Fernandes [pt], cast the initial vote arguing that racism is a structural phenomenon that historically affects minority groups and, as such, that the term doesn't apply to majority groups in positions of power; the Court unanimously agreed.[3] With this decision, for cases with white victims, the crime should instead be considered that of regular injury, which comes with more lenient punishment.[3]
Due to Brazil's recent history with slavery, measures have been taken to prevent racial animosity in the country. Among them, legislation was written to consider what is called "racial injury" as a hate crime. After a 2023 amendment,[4] article 2-A of Law 7,716 of 1989 (dubbed the "Race Crimes Law") reads:[5]
Pena: reclusão, de 2 (dois) a 5 (cinco) anos, e multa.
Punishment: prison, from 2 (two) to 5 (five) years, and fine.
In the case presented to the Superior Court, a black man was being sued by an Italian man for disparaging him after being hired for work but not getting paid.[6] The black man was alleged to have called the Italian man, in a text message, a "white headed European slave-owner".[6]
In July 2023, the Public Prosecutor's Office of Alagoas submitted a criminal complaint to have the perpetrator charged with racial injury, and the state's judiciary accepted the case in January 2024.[7] The accused subsequently requested a habeas corpus, arguing that there exists no "reverse racism" (anti-white racism) and, as such, racial injury was not applicable to the case.[8] This request became case HC 929002 of the Superior Court of Justice.
The case's rapporteur, minister Og Fernandes [pt], accepted the habeas corpus, arguing that the crime of racial injury aims to protect minority groups that are historically discriminated against, and that it can only happen when there's a relationship of historical opression.[9] The minister continues:[9]
The expression 'minority groups' undoubtedly [...] refers to those that, even if a numerical majority, are not equally represented in spaces of power, public and private; that are frequently discriminated against, including by the State; and that, in practice, have less access to the full exercise of citizenship. [...] It is not possible to believe that the white population in Brazil may be considered a minority. Thus, there is no way for the situation described in the records to correspond to the crime of racial injury.
While the Court does not view racial injury as an adequate description of the offense, it clarified that the ruling was not deciding on whether another crime may have occurred.[8]
Stainsby House is an architecturally notable house in Horsley Woodhouse, Derbyshire, England. It was designed by Nottingham architect David Shelley, and built for the businessman Robert Morley, owner of Alida Packaging at Heanor Gate. The house was completed in 1974.[1]
The original Stainsby House was demolished in 1972.[1][2] Its remains are grade II listed with Historic England.[3]
Media related to Horsley Woodhouse at Wikimedia Commons
52°59′39″N 1°24′03″W﻿ / ﻿52.9941°N 1.4009°W﻿ / 52.9941; -1.4009

This article about a Derbyshire building or structure is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Roman Hemby (born August 16, 2002)  is an American college football running back for the Indiana Hoosiers.
Hemby grew up in Edgewood, Maryland, and attended The John Carroll School.[1] Hemby was rated a three-star recruit and committed to play college football at Maryland over offers from Appalachian State, Duke, NC State, Vanderbilt, and West Virginia.[2]
Hemby played in four games and rushed 17 times for 71 yards and two touchdowns as a true freshman before redshirting the season.[3][4] Hemby entered his redshirt freshman year as one of the Terrapins' primary running backs alongside Antwain Littleton II.[5] He was named the Big Ten Conference Freshman of the Week after rushing for 114 yards and two touchdowns on seven carries in Maryland's season opener against Buffalo.[6] Hemby repeated as the conference Freshman of the Week after rushing for 179 yards and three touchdowns in a 31-24 win over Northwestern.[7] He was also named The Athletic's midseason Freshman All-American.[8]
The 1919 Ohio Green and White football team represented Ohio University as a member of the Ohio Athletic Conference (OAC) during the 1919 college football season. Led by second-year head coach Frank Gullum, the Green and White compiled an overall record of 3–5 with a mark of 2–4 in conference play.[1]

This college football 1919 season article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The rank of lieutenant general (or three-star general) is the second-highest rank in the United States Marine Corps, and the first to have a specified number of appointments set by statute. It ranks above major general (two-star general) and below general (four-star general).
There have been 45 lieutenant generals in the U.S. Marine Corps from 2000 to 2009, 12 of whom were promoted to four-star general. All 45 achieved that rank while on active duty in the U.S. Marine Corps. Lieutenant generals entered the Marine Corps via several paths: 24 via Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps (NROTC) at a civilian university, 11 via Officer Candidate School (OCS), eight via the United States Naval Academy (USNA), and two via NROTC at a senior military college.
Entries in the following list of lieutenant generals are indexed by the numerical order in which each officer was promoted to that rank while on active duty, or by an asterisk (*) if the officer did not serve in that rank while on active duty or was promoted to four-star rank while on active duty. Each entry lists the general's name, date of rank,[a] active-duty positions held while serving at three-star rank,[b] number of years of active-duty service at three-star rank (Yrs),[c] year commissioned and source of commission,[d] number of years in commission when promoted to three-star rank (YC),[e] and other biographical notes.[f]
The rank of lieutenant general in the Marine Corps was first proposed in 1918, when the Senate Naval Affairs Committee tried to increase the rank of the major general commandant and his three senior staff officers for the duration of World War I. Instigated by the incumbent commandant, George Barnett, the proposal was blocked by Navy secretary Josephus Daniels and House Naval Affairs Committee member Thomas S. Butler, who was outraged that the headquarters staff would gain a lieutenant general commandant and three major generals at a time when no Marine major generals were deployed in the field. The incident contributed to Daniels' decision to remove Barnett midway through his second term as commandant.[19][20]
A decade later, Butler himself tried to promote Barnett's successor as commandant, John A. Lejeune, to lieutenant general to match the three-star rank proposed for Army corps area commanders in 1928. The Navy had four admirals and three vice admirals, but the highest active-duty Army rank was only major general, so the War Department asked Congress to raise the ex officio ranks of the Army chief of staff and three overseas department commanders to general and nine corps area commanders to lieutenant general. At the President's behest, the House Military Affairs Committee approved only the four-star promotion for the chief of staff. Since the Army still had no lieutenant generals and Navy secretary Curtis D. Wilbur felt the commandant was not equivalent to a three-star fleet commander in the Navy, Lejeune's promotion died in committee.[21][22][23]
In 1925, Congress authorized Marine Corps officers to retire with a tombstone promotion to the rank but not the retired pay of the next higher grade if they were specially commended for performance of duty in actual combat during World War I, but only if they retired because they were too old to be promoted further, a condition that excluded major generals, who already held the highest grade in the Marine Corps. Congress expanded eligibility in 1938 to cover officers with a qualifying combat citation from any time period who retired for any reason,[24] allowing James C. Breckinridge to become the first three-star Marine when he retired with a tombstone promotion to lieutenant general in October 1941.[25][26] Lejeune lobbied Congress to extend tombstone promotions to officers who had retired before 1938, and finally received his third star in April 1942.[27]
In January 1942, following the United States entry into World War II, Congress increased the commandant's rank to lieutenant general, making Thomas Holcomb the first three-star Marine to serve on active duty. Holcomb's superior, chief of naval operations Ernest J. King, opposed promoting more Marines to that rank, but King relented after Alexander A. Vandegrift, recently awarded the Medal of Honor for the Battle of Guadalcanal, was assigned to command the first Marine amphibious corps and slated to succeed Holcomb as commandant. Vandegrift was appointed temporary lieutenant general in July 1943,[28] under a 1941 law that anticipated the wartime expansion of the Marine Corps by authorizing an unlimited number of temporary general officers for the duration of the national emergency.[29]
When Vandegrift returned to the United States to become commandant in January 1944, King rejected Holcomb's bid to maintain a three-star Marine in the Pacific theater by promoting the other amphibious corps commander, Holland M. Smith, who had led the ground forces at the Battle of Tarawa. Smith received his third star only after the naval commanders at Tarawa, Raymond A. Spruance and Richmond K. Turner, were rewarded with promotions in March 1944.[30][31]
Unlike Holcomb, whose three-star rank was an aspect of his office of commandant, Vandegrift and Smith held personal three-star grades that followed them regardless of assignment, as did every other temporary lieutenant general appointed before the Officer Personnel Act of 1947 made all three-star ranks ex officio. For example, upon relinquishing his final command in May 1946, Smith remained a lieutenant general for the three months until he actually retired,[32] whereas a postwar lieutenant general would have reverted immediately to his permanent two-star grade. Early promotions to these wartime grades therefore rewarded past personal triumphs—Guadalcanal for Vandegrift and Tarawa for Smith—as much as future organizational efficiency.[28]
By the end of the war, the commandant was a full general. One lieutenant general commanded Marines deployed overseas under Fleet Marine Force, Pacific, and a second lieutenant general commanded Marines being readied for deployment under Marine Training and Replacement Command. A third lieutenant general was appointed in January 1947 to command the new Fleet Marine Force, Atlantic.
The Officer Personnel Act of 1947 authorized only two lieutenant generals for the Marine Corps after 1 July 1948, except during war or national emergency. All active-duty ranks above major general were temporary and ex officio, so upon vacating an office carrying three-star rank, an officer reverted to his permanent two-star grade unless he retired. The two lieutenant generals were assigned to command the operating forces in the Pacific and Atlantic.[33]
The permanent peacetime limit of two lieutenant generals was imposed during the post-World War II drawdown, but remained in place even as the Marine Corps expanded during the Cold War. The state of emergency declared for the Korean War on 16 December 1950, allowed a third lieutenant general to serve as assistant commandant and chief of staff of the Marine Corps, and a fourth as commandant of Marine Corps Schools. A fifth lieutenant general was assigned to Headquarters Marine Corps as director of aviation in 1953, but its three-star designation shifted to the chief of staff when that job was separated from assistant commandant in 1957.[34]
Congress finally declared in 1977 that up to 15 percent of all active-duty Marine Corps general officers could be lieutenant generals or generals even without an emergency, after the 1976 National Emergencies Act terminated all existing national emergencies, effective 14 September 1978, which would have eliminated five of the seven lieutenant generals then on active duty.[35]
From 1938 to 1959, Marine officers who were specially commended for the performance of duty in actual combat before the end of World War II could retire with the rank but not the pay of the next higher grade. Such honorary increases in rank at retirement were called tombstone promotions, since their only tangible benefit was the right to carve the higher rank on one's tombstone.[36] Tombstone promotions made James C. Breckinridge the first three-star Marine in October 1941,[25][26] and Thomas Holcomb the first four-star Marine in January 1944.
A lieutenant general could only receive a tombstone promotion to four-star general if he still held a three-star job on the day he retired. When Oliver P. Smith was abruptly ordered to relinquish his three-star command on 1 September 1955, and revert to major general for the two months until his statutory retirement, he moved up his retirement date to September 1 and kept his tombstone promotion to general.[37]
Of the 27 lieutenant generals appointed before Congress ended tombstone promotions on 1 November 1959, all but five were promoted to general, either by tombstone promotion, selection as commandant, or posthumous legislation, in the case of Roy S. Geiger, who died only a week before he was scheduled to retire with a tombstone promotion.[38] The exceptions were Keller E. Rockey and Robert H. Pepper, who preferred to revert to major general rather than retire at the end of their three-star assignments;[39] Thomas E. Watson, who relinquished command of Fleet Marine Force, Pacific for an assignment at Headquarters Marine Corps, but retired for ill health only three months later;[40] Merwin H. Silverthorn, who was too young to retire for age when his three-star assignment ended and Congress had suspended early retirements;[41] and Verne J. McCaul, who chose to sacrifice a fourth star to stay on active duty until the new commandant took office two months after tombstone promotions ended.[42]
Lieutenant general appointments were inextricably tied to the politics of commandant succession. Any lieutenant general was a viable candidate for commandant if he was young enough to complete a full four-year term before reaching the statutory retirement age of 62, as were prominent major generals.[43]
A commandant tended to appoint lieutenant generals in two waves, one at the start of his term and one in the middle.[43] The first wave filled three-star positions vacated by the newly appointed commandant and any rivals who chose to retire after being passed over. For example, Allen H. Turnage retired after a major general, Clifton B. Cates, was selected to be commandant in 1947,[44] as did all five lieutenant generals after another major general, David M. Shoup, was selected in 1959.[45] An incoming commandant might also choose not to retain his predecessor's lieutenant generals, to clear space for his own favorites. Of the five lieutenant generals who retired at Shoup's accession, at least two, Verne J. McCaul and Robert E. Hogaboom, only did so after he made clear they would not be continued at that rank.[46] Upon succeeding Cates in 1952, Lemuel C. Shepherd Jr. promptly appointed Gerald C. Thomas to be his assistant commandant and chief of staff, sending Cates' appointee, Merwin H. Silverthorn, to a two-star job until retirement.[47]
From the middle of his term, a commandant's choices for lieutenant general were meant to set up his preferred candidates to succeed him and eliminate others from consideration.[43] When picking a commandant in 1947, President Harry S. Truman judged Cates and Shepherd to be equally qualified. Since Cates was senior, Truman appointed Cates first and promised to appoint Shepherd next.[44] Cates duly appointed Shepherd to the next three-star vacancy, but when Oliver P. Smith returned to the United States in 1951 after famously commanding the 1st Marine Division at the Battle of Chosin Reservoir, Cates gave Smith another two-star command instead of the three-star promotion many expected, reducing the risk that Smith's popularity might derail Shepherd's succession. Smith finally received his third star two years later, after he was too old to be considered for commandant.[48]
When Cates stepped down as commandant, he had to stay on active duty because a 1951 law froze voluntary officer retirements by withholding retired pay from any regular officer who retired for any reason other than age, disability, hardship, or the best interests of the service.[41] (When Graves B. Erskine retired early to accept a civilian position in the Department of Defense in 1953, Congress had to pass special legislation to exempt him.[49]) At Cates' request, Shepherd gave him the three-star job commanding Marine Corps Schools, repaying his support for Shepherd's succession.[50] Congress repealed the law in 1954 and Cates retired two months later.[51] Shepherd picked Thomas to succeed Cates, which simultaneously avoided creating another rival for the commandancy, since Thomas was too old to be considered, and freed Thomas' three-star job of assistant commandant and chief of staff for Shepherd's preferred candidate, Randolph M. Pate, who eventually did succeed Shepherd.[43]
All such machinations failed when Pate's successor was selected in 1959. The best positioned three-star candidate, Merrill B. Twining, was viewed as too political by the secretary of defense, Thomas S. Gates Jr., who passed over all five lieutenant generals to recommend Shoup instead. Four of the five lieutenant generals collected tombstone promotions to general by retiring on 1 November 1959, the day the tombstone promotion law expired, but Verne J. McCaul chose to remain on duty until Shoup took office on 1 January 1960.[46]
The following list of Congressional legislation includes all acts of Congress pertaining to appointments to the grade of lieutenant general in the United States Marine Corps from 2000 to 2009.[u]
Each entry lists an act of Congress, its citation in the United States Statutes at Large, and a summary of the act's relevance, with officers affected by the act bracketed where applicable. Positions listed without reference to rank are assumed to be eligible for officers of three-star grade or higher.
[Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001]
[Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003]
[National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006]
[National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008]
[Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009]
[National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010]USS Sylvania (AFS-2), a Mars-class combat stores ship, was the second ship of the United States Navy to be named Sylvania.
Sylvania was laid down on 18 August 1962 at the National Steel and Shipbuilding Company in San Diego, California; launched on 10 August 1963; sponsored by Mrs. Cyrus R. Vance; and commissioned on 11 July 1964.
At the time of commissioning, Sylvania was the second of a new class of combat store ship designed to combine the functions of the AF (store ship), AKS (stores issue ship), and AVS (aviation issue ship).  She completed fitting out and, after sea trials, departed California for duty with the Atlantic Fleet.  The Panama Canal was transited on 11 August, and the ship arrived at Norfolk on 16 October 1964 for post-shakedown availability.  Upon completion of this, the ship operated in the Norfolk area until the spring of 1965.
Sylvania stood out of Norfolk on 14 April 1965, en route to the Mediterranean and her first tour of duty with the 6th Fleet.  She called at Rota, Spain, and arrived at her new home port, Naples, Italy, on 29 April. Two days later, she began her first underway replenishment operation with the 6th Fleet.  On 31 July, Sylvania completed the first vertical replenishment of an aircraft carrier using UH-46A helicopters.  In early October the store ship logged her 1,000th accident-free helicopter landing.  She served as flagship for the Service Force, 6th Fleet, from 5 December 1966 to 17 April 1967.  During the night of 8 January 1968, the cargo ship suffered her only material loss of the year.  She experienced a roll of 38 degrees and took water over the flight deck.  The roll, wind, and water parted the tie-downs on cargo staged on the flight deck for the next day's replenishment.  Consequently, 52 pallets of provisions were lost.  On 1 July 1968, Sylvania was awarded the Battle Efficiency "E" for her class and the Supply "E" for Supply Efficiency.  She also won the Marjorie Sterrett Battleship Fund Award for the Atlantic Fleet.
As part of Task Force 60 and as independently directed by COMSIXTHFLT, Sylvania came to the assistance of USS Liberty on 8 June 1967 when she suffered an unprovoked attack by Israeli naval and air forces during the six day Arab-Israel war. <1537Z08 June 1967 drafted message text from
Commander, Sixth Fleet to U.S.S. Sylvania>
Sylvania was honored on 19 October by a visit from the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Charles A. Bowser, and a party of eight who came aboard for a briefing and tour and to observe an underway replenishment exercise.  The ship was in drydock at Malta from 29 November until 10 December 1968 when she returned to normal 6th Fleet operations.  On 16 June 1969 the ship lost a UH-46D helicopter when it crashed during vertical replenishment operations in the harbor of Palma de Mallorca, but the crew was rescued.  On 30 September, the ship left the 6th Fleet and returned to Norfolk on 24 October after an absence of four and one-half years.
Sylvania deployed to the 6th Fleet again from 28 December 1969 to 15 February 1970.  She then began preparations for her first overhaul since commissioning.  The ship was in drydock from 11 April to 13 May when she moored at the shipyard, and was ready for sea on 13 July.  On 20 July the ship was awarded the Meritorious Unit Commendation for service to the 6th Fleet during the period 25 April 1965 to 30 September 1969.  The next day, Admiral Elmo R. Zumwalt, Jr., Chief of Naval Operations, visited Sylvania.  The period from 13 August to 11 September was spent in refresher training at Guantanamo Bay.
Sylvania stood out of Norfolk on 18 November 1970 to begin a six-month deployment in logistic support of the 6th Fleet and returned to Norfolk on 17 May 1971.  In June, the ship entered the Norfolk Naval Shipyard for a four-month restricted availability period.
Sylvania left the yard on 4 October 1971 and, from 23–27 October, conducted a four-day port call at Fort Lauderdale, Florida.  After two weeks of refresher training at Guantanamo Bay, she returned to Norfolk for another two-month availability period.  The ship then commenced pre-deployment loadout and underway training in the Virginia Capes area until mid-February.  Sylvania then deployed to the Mediterranean in support of the 6th Fleet from 24 February to 26 August 1972.  After five weeks of re-loading supplies at Norfolk, the cargo ship returned to the Mediterranean, from 2 October to 10 November 1972, to replenish the AFS that was on station there.  The remainder of the year 1972 and until 5 March 1973 was spent at Norfolk in upkeep and underway training.
Sylvania, sailed to Guantanamo Bay and held refresher training from 6–16 March 1973 and then paid a three-day visit to Cape Kennedy before returning to her home port on 23 March.  She stood out of Norfolk on 25 May 1973 for another tour with the 6th Fleet and relieved Concord (AFS-5) as the on-station AFS on 16 June.  She, in turn, was relieved by San Diego (AFS-6) on 12 November and returned to Norfolk on 3 December 1973.
Sylvania operated out of Norfolk until early September 1974 when she again deployed to the Mediterranean for duty with the 6th Fleet.
In September 1976, returning from a routine deployment, Sylvania had the honor of transporting the world-famous King Tutankhamun Exhibition to America for the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City.
During the 1980s Syvlania was assigned to Service Squadron Four and Service Group Two.  Service Squadron Four consisted of nine logistic support ships assigned the vital mission of providing food, fuel, supplies, repair parts and ammunition to Naval units of the Second and Sixth Fleets.  In this capacity Sylvania assumed the duties of deployed, on-station combat stores ship in early 1980, again from May through November 1981, in 1983 where the ship received the Navy Expeditionary Medal for her participation in Sixth Fleet peacekeeping efforts in Lebanon, again over the Winter of 1983 and early 1984, and in late 1984.
In 1985 Sylvania went through a major overhaul in Norfolk, Virginia in which all of its systems were upgraded and much needed repairs made.  This put her out of the deployment rotation for over a full year.  During this period USNS Sirius (T-AFS-8) was upgraded to be able to conduct full operations as a combat stores ship and was included in the Fleet AFS rotation.  In 1986, Sylvania successfully left overhaul and conducted replenishment operations and refresher training in the Caribbean.  This included training operations at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base and ship visits to Ocho Rios, Jamaica, and Nassau, Bahamas. While at Nassau, the ship was visited by actor Sidney Poitier.
With her reentry to the Fleet, the East Coast combat stores complement now included Sylvania, USNS Sirius (T-AFS-8), USS Concord (AFS-5), and USS San Diego (AFS-6). Thus, while Sylvania's operational tempo prior to this time was to deploy every eight to twelve months, with five months on station, the period was lengthened to every twelve to fifteen months, with five months on station.  Yard overhaul and maintenance, at-sea refresher training, and local at-sea training operations were conducted between the periods deployed on station.  Thus, Sylvania deployed to the Mediterranean over the winter of 1986 and early 1987, and once again in early 1988.  In between deployments the ship conducted Second Fleet operations, visiting Miami, Florida, and attending Fleet Week in New York City.
A typical monthly cycle for Sylvania in the Mediterranean during this period was for the ship to steam three or four thousand miles, delivering goods to between 40 and 70 ships.  On average, 2,000 to 3,000 pallets of material would be moved via underway replenishment, with roughly half being transferred by vertical replenishment via helicopter.  After an arduous three weeks the ship typically would visit a port for several days of recreation, maintenance, and resupply.  Typical ports included Málaga, Alicante, Torremolinos, Cartagena, Rota, and Palma, Spain; Toulon and Marseilles, France; Augusta Bay, Sicily and Naples, Italy; the British territory of Gibraltar; Haifa, Israel; Antalya, Turkey; and Piraeus, Greece.
In 1990 she deployed to the Mediterranean Sea and eventually the Red Sea in support of Operation "Desert Shield".  She then supplied three carrier battle groups within one week during the lead up to "Desert Storm" in 1991.
Sylvania was decommissioned on 26 May 1994 and laid up in the Atlantic Reserve Fleet, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.  She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 5 January 1995.  Sylvania's title was transferred to the Maritime Administration and she was eventually sold for scrapping in 2012.
The USS Sylvania is authorized the following awards:[1]
Top Row - Navy Unit Commendation - Navy Meritorious Unit Commendation (2)
Second Row - Navy "E" Ribbon (2) - Navy Expeditionary Medal (4-Lebanon) - National Defense Service Medal (2)
Third Row - Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal (1-Lebanon) - Southwest Asia Service Medal (2) - Kuwait Liberation Medal (Kuwait)
This article incorporates text from the public domain Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships. The entry can be found here.
Franziska Brandmann (born 28 April 1994 in Münster) is a German politician and member of the Free Democratic Party (FDP). She has been the federal chairwoman of the FDP-affiliated youth organization Young Liberals (Junge Liberale) since 2021.[1]
Brandmann studied political science at the University of Bonn and European politics at the University of Oxford.[2] Currently, Brandmann is pursuing a PhD and teaching at Oxford on the relationship between contestable democracy and far-right parties.[3]
Brandmann was elected at the federal congress of the Young Liberals on November 13, 2021, in Erlangen with 182 of 197 votes cast (92.4%) as the federal chairwoman of the Young Liberals.[4] The previous chairman, Jens Teutrine, had not stood for re-election, having been elected to the Bundestag.
Franziska Brandmann advocates for market economy and civil liberties. She calls for a "BAföG" reform to support students with financial difficulties, for lower taxes for medium and low incomes, as well as for enhanced support for Ukraine.[5] Also, she argued for a reform of public broadcasting in Germany: The broadcasters should concentrate only on education and information, instead on entertainment and sports.[6] She opposes mandatory quotas for women,[7] a general speed limit at German Autobahnen, civil conscription,[8] and further raising the minimum wage.[9]

This biography article about a member of the German Free Democratic Party (FDP) is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.G.I. Joe Trading Card Game is an out-of-print collectible card game by Wizards of the Coast based on the G.I. Joe toys by Hasbro.[1] It was released in 2004 and developed by Aaron Forsythe, Rob Gutschera and Mark Rosewater.[2][3] The base set had 114 cards with 1 promo card called "Venomous Maximus" that could only be obtained from the Valor vs Venom VHS/DVD.[3][4] An expansion called Armored Strike was released in 2005 and had 78 cards.[3] The game inspired a fan-made creation called G.I. Joe Firefight.[5]
The card game's release was timed to the G.I. Joe brand's 40th anniversary.[6]
Players assume the roles of G.I. Joe or Cobra and the last man standing wins.[3]
Each player shuffles their deck containing at least 50 cards with no more than 4 copies of any single card. Each player then deals themself 8 cards face up into two rows, otherwise known as the Front and Rear Ranks. First player is randomly decided.
On the player's turn, they draw 2 cards and hold them upside-down to read the Boost Numbers. The player then chooses a right-side up soldier from their front rank and then chooses any soldiers from their opponent's front rank. Then each player selects a Boost card and places it face down. When both players have selected their card, they're revealed and the Boost Number is added to their soldier's Power. Highest total Power wins. When the fight is over, the soldier that is lost is discarded as well as the Boost cards. Any soldier in the Rear Rank is moved forward to any blank spot in the Forward Rank.
The player with no remaining soldiers left in their Ranks, loses the game.[7]
The game was considered very simple with little to no strategy element even after implementing the advanced rules which reduced the number of powerful cards you could play.[2] The game ceased production in 2005 due to insufficient demand and an overcrowded CCG market.[8]
This collectible card game–related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.The second round of the men's keirin of the 2012–13 UCI Track Cycling World Cup took place in Glasgow, at the Sir Chris Hoy Velodrome on 17 November 2012. 20 cyclists participated in the contest.[1]
The keirin races involve 6.5 laps of the track behind a pace-setter, followed by a 2.5 lap sprint to the finish.  The tournament consisted of a first round and repackages, a second round and the finals. The first rounds and repechages narrowed the field to 12. The second round divided the remaining 12 into six finalists. The final round also included a ranking race for 7th to 12th place.[1]
Saturday 17 November
12:35-13:05 First round
14:00-14:30 First round repaches
20:04-20:14 Second round
21:16-21:21 Finals 7th – 12th Places
21:23-21:28 Finals 1st – 6th Places
Schedule from Tissottiming.com[1]
The top 2 cyclists of each heat advanced to the second round and the others to the repaches.



Results from Tissottiming.com[2]
The first rider of each heat advanced to the second round.



Results from Tissottiming.com[3]
The first three riders of each heat advanced to the final race.
The top 3 riders of each heat advanced to the final race and the others to 7th – 12 classification race.

Results from Tissottiming.com[4]
Results from Tissottiming.com[5]
Results from Tissottiming.com[5]Boy and the World (Portuguese: O Menino e o Mundo) is a 2013 Brazilian animated coming-of-age adventure comedy-drama film written and directed by Alê Abreu. The film was created using a mix of both drawing and painting and digital animation.[2] It was nominated at the 88th Academy Awards for Best Animated Feature.
Cuca lives a very simple and blissful life with his parents. He spends his days playing in the forest, interacting with the animals, and listening to various sounds (represented by glowing balls of light). One day, Cuca's father leaves by train to find work, saddening Cuca with the nostalgia of playing with his mom and dad. Feeling that he will never be happy again, Cuca leaves with a large suitcase that contains only a picture of him and his parents. While waiting for the train, a sudden gust of wind lifts him up and carries him far away to a world that appears to have two moons.
Cuca is rescued by an old man and his pet dog, who promptly take him to work alongside them in the cotton fields. While there, Cuca hears the music of a traveling parade led by a young man in a rainbow poncho. The foreman of the cotton fields goes over his workers, and fires those who are unable due to advanced age or sickness. Cuca, the old man, and the dog travel many nights through the countryside before stopping under a large pink-leaved tree. In the distance, Cuca spots his father traveling on the back of a truck. He leaves the suitcase to the old man and follows the main road.
He arrives at a factory where the workers churn the cotton into fabric in robotic unison. At the end of the day, Cuca takes a bus into a grimy city and ends up staying with a young factory worker who is later revealed to be the rainbow poncho-wearing leader of the parade. In the morning, Cuca and the young man arrive at the market where the young man busks as a street musician to earn more money. While playing with a kaleidoscope, Cuca ends up on a barge where he learns that the fabrics are taken to a futuristic utopian city floating above the ocean. The fabrics are turned into clothing and repackaged out of sight in the city's dark underbelly, before being shipped back and sold in the grimy city. He reunites with the young man and the two sneak into the factory where the young man makes a rainbow poncho. They witness the factory's manager make a deal with a strange business man to replace the workers with a large automated machine. The young man and the rest of the workers are fired but a truck arrives to take them to work in the cotton fields.
While making their way back to the city, Cuca and the young man are stopped in traffic by the parade. Cuca suddenly spots the train his father came on and, using the young man's bike, arrives at the station to greet his father. However, Cuca is shocked to see multiple fathers who all look the same and all came to the city for a similar purpose. The parade is forcefully stopped by the city's army (represented by a giant, rainbow bird being defeated in combat by a militaristic black bird) and parts of the city lie in ruin. Cuca witnesses young children in the slums arming themselves with primitive weapons and preparing to start a rebellion. The young man looks on from a hill made of trash.
Cuca runs back home where he witnesses various machines taking over the countryside (inter-cut with live-action footage of deforestations and heavy carbon dioxide emissions). He arrives back at the pink-leaved tree where it is revealed that the old man is actually an older Cuca and that the tree is outside his now dilapidated childhood home. In a flashback, the young man, who is also Cuca, is seen leaving home and saying goodbye to his mother while seeing a pink-leaved sapling. Old Cuca pins the photo of him and his family to a wall and dons the rainbow poncho. He looks out and finds that his abandoned childhood home is surrounded by newer houses and farmers whose children continue to play and sing songs. The movie ends with one final flashback of Cuca and his parents planting the seed that will become the pink-leaved tree as the screen fades to white.
Boy and the World received critical acclaim. The film holds a 93% on Rotten Tomatoes with a 7.8/10 average rating based on 57 reviews. The consensus reads, "Boy and the World's distinctive animation is visually thrilling – and it's backed up with a daring, refreshingly different storyline that should enthrall younger viewers while resonating deeply with adults."[3] Metacritic, which uses a weighted average, assigned the film a score of 80 out of 100, based on 18 critics, indicating "generally favorable" reviews.[4]
The film's worldwide premiere occurred at the Ottawa International Animation Festival[5] where it won an Honourable Mention for Best Animated Feature "Because it was full of some of the most beautiful images we've ever seen".[6] It also earned an honorable mention at the Festival do Rio and won the Youth Award at the Mostra de Cinema de São Paulo.[7] At the Festival de Cinema de Animação de Lisboa, it won the Best Film Award.[8] At the Annecy International Animated Film Festival, it won the Cristal Award for Best Feature Film, and was voted the favorite film by the audience.[9] In 2015, at Animafest Zagreb, the film won the Grand Prix for feature film. The jury stated that they have awarded the film because it uses innovative artwork, combines both political and emotional feelings, that took them on a colorful trip.[10] In 2016, Boy and the World won the 43rd Annie Awards for Best Animated Feature-Independent.[11]
In 2016, it was announced that a spin-off series titled Menino and the Children of the World had entered development.[12] The educational series combines animation with live action footage and features the character of Cuca and his dog traveling to various countries of the world and learning about their culture through the eyes of children.[13] As of 2024, there is no planned release date or more news related to this project.
Battlebox (formerly The Battle Box) is the popular name of the Fort Canning Bunker, formerly known as Headquarters Malaya Command Operations Bunker, constructed under Fort Canning Hill, Singapore, as an emergency, bomb-proof command centre during the Malayan Campaign and the Battle of Singapore. The Battle Box is currently a museum and tourist attraction.
Given its position in the western Pacific ocean, Singapore had long been recognised as being strategically important for the Royal Navy to counter the growing influence of the Japanese, who were regarded as being the logical threat to Britain's interests in the Far East and the Pacific. To counter this, the Admiralty devised the Singapore strategy, which required a well equipped naval base.[1] Accordingly, the Singapore Naval Base was constructed on the north shore of Singapore Island. The base, and its associated defences, required a large British military presence on the island.[2]
Fort Canning Hill was used by the British Army as their headquarters in Singapore, with a number of buildings built for this purpose in the 1920s. However, the lack of a headquarters combining all three services present in Singapore – the Army, Royal Navy and Royal Air Force – was appreciated in 1936 by the then Colonel Arthur Percival, the Chief of Staff to General Dobbie, 'General Officer Commanding, Malaya'. To remedy this, a Combined Operations Headquarters was proposed for Fort Canning.[3]
Fort Canning Hill is a small hill in the Central Area of Singapore Island. Stamford Raffles had built a residence there in 1823, but when the Straits Settlement, which included Singapore, became a crown colony in 1867, a fort was constructed on the hill.[4] However, by the turn of the century, the construction of other defences around Singapore rendered the Fort Canning fortifications surplus to requirements.[5]
Located nearly 30 feet beneath the hill, the Fort Canning Bunker, also known as the Headquarters Malaya Command Operations Bunker,[6] was constructed in 1936 and completed by 1941. Sources vary as to the number of rooms in the bunker; one states 22,[7] while another, authored by the journalist who rediscovered the Battle Box, claims 29 rooms.[3] The bunker was constructed with one metre thick (3 feet) reinforced concrete walls to withstand direct hits from bombs and shells.[7] The complex included a telephone exchange connected to all military and most civilian switchboards in Malaya,[8] various signals and operations rooms, sleeping quarters and latrines. The bunker also included a cipher room for coding and decoding messages, but by the time of the fall of Malaya, this work had been shifted elsewhere and the cipher room was used as sleeping quarters.[9] The Commander of Fixed Defences, Brigadier Curtis, co-ordinated the coastal artillery strikes on naval targets from the bunker.[10]
By 1941, the bunker was considered to be too small for its intended use.[11] Percival, having returned to Malaya as a lieutenant general and 'General Officer Commanding, Malaya', authorised construction of a new Combined Operations Headquarters at the Royal Air Force headquarters in Sime Road. The construction of this new headquarters began in 1941, and was finished in December of that year. Although Combined Operations Headquarters had been relocated to Sime Road, the Fort Canning Bunker remained the Headquarters of Major General Frank Keith Simmons, who as the 'Fortress Commander, Singapore', was responsible for the defence of Singapore Island. The Anti-Aircraft Gun Operations Room and Naval Extended Defences offices also remained at the bunker.[12]
The Japanese invaded Malaya on 8 December 1941 by moving south through Thailand, as well as by making landings at Kota Baharu, on the north east coast of Malaya.[13] Rapidly retreating through Malaya, Allied forces were forced back to Singapore Island by 31 January 1942.[14] On 8 February, Japanese troops then crossed the Straits of Johor at the Battle of Sarimbun Beach on the north-west coast of Singapore Island, followed by a second landing near the Kranji River, at the Battle of Kranji.
The Sime Road location had to be abandoned during the Battle of Kranji,[15] with Lieutenant-General Percival shifting the Combined Operations Headquarters to Fort Canning Bunker on 11 February 1942.[16] By the latter stages of the battle for Singapore, the Japanese were bombing the Central Area of Singapore, including Fort Canning Hill, at will. Fort Canning Hill was also within range of the Japanese artillery, forcing personnel into the bunker. There were around 500 officers and men in the bunker in the latter stages of the battle.[17]
The decision to surrender Singapore was made by Lieutenant-General Percival in a meeting on the morning of 15 February 1942. Held in the 'Commander, Anti-Aircraft Defence Room' of the bunker,[18] a number of senior officers were in attendance, including Generals Bennett, Heath and Simmons. With diminishing water supplies, and no viable options for launching a counterattack, the decision was made to seek terms with the Japanese.[19]
The Fort Canning Bunker was later occupied by Japanese forces during the Japanese Occupation of Singapore and used for communications right up to the time of the Japanese surrender.[20] At the conclusion of the Second World War, the bunker complex itself appears to have been looted in the aftermath of the Japanese surrender. Upon re-entry to the complex in 1988, evidence of a number of excavations were observed, presumably attempts to find loot that may have been concealed by the Japanese.[21]
After the war, Fort Canning Hill was again used by the British as the Singapore Base District Headquarters. The British handed over Fort Canning to the Singapore Armed Forces in 1968–69, and the buildings of Fort Canning Hill served for a time as the Singapore Command and Staff College. The Fort Canning Bunker, having remained empty and unused since the war, was sealed off in the late 1960s due to safety concerns[22] and its exact location forgotten. It was brought back into the public eye when it was "rediscovered" by a journalist in 1988, who was following a number of leads claiming the existence of an underground bunker complex on Fort Canning Hill.[23]
The Fort Canning Bunker was developed into a museum depicting the final days of the Battle of Singapore. The museum, called the Battle Box, was formally opened on 15 February 1997, on the 55th anniversary of the surrender of Singapore.[22]
The Battlebox reopened to the public on 15 February 2024, operated by non-profit arts and culture organisation Global Cultural Alliance, who were awarded a contract by the National Parks Board on 20 February 2023 after an open tender. Admission to the Battlebox is currently free for all visitors. While admission is free, visitors will be charged if they wish to enjoy some of the enhancements such as an audio tour. To ensure the historical accuracy of its experiences, Global Cultural Alliance has put together an advisory team led by independent curator Tan Teng Teng, who was involved in establishing The Battlebox as a museum when it first opened to the public in 1997. [24]Ḥaql (Arabic: حَقْل) or Ḥaqal (Arabic: حَقَل)[2] is a city in the northwest of Saudi Arabia near the head of the Gulf of Aqaba, adjacent to Aqaba across the Jordanian border. The coasts of Egypt, Israel, and Jordan can be seen from Haql.
Haql is a small city and it is not a port used for Red Sea shipping, and the relatively small Saudi population does not engage in water desalination. As a result, the reefs in this area are pristine and populated with diverse flora and fauna. The coasts of the Red Sea and Gulf of Aqaba in this region are scenic. There are views of the mountains of the Sinai Peninsula across the Gulf of Aqaba. Shipping is limited to traffic to and from the Port of Aqaba, Jordan. It lies 5 km (3.1 miles) from the Jordanian border. It has become one of the most attractive cities to visit for diving sports and accommodation. The two most attractive factors are its climate and geographical location. The Saudi Commission for Tourism and Antiquities (SCTA) has added more than 4 attractive spots on Haql.[citation needed]
Haql has a desert climate and most rainfall is in the winter. The Köppen-Geiger climate classification is BWh. The average annual temperature in Haql is 24.3 °C (75.7 °F). About 24 mm (0.94 in) of precipitation falls annually.
The city of Haql may have been a corruption of "Ashkelon". In the Mishnah, at the beginning of Tractate Gittin (1:2) it is written "... and Ashkelon as the south". There was a city named Ashkelon at the southern border of the Land of Israel south of the city of Elath. This city of Ashkelon is entirely unrelated to the city of Ashkelon on the Mediterranean coast.
The researcher Haim bar Droma wrote "There was another Ashkelon in the Gulf of Eilat. This was a common practice for ancient cities, many cities were named after other cities in the same region. It may be that this is the similarity in sound between 'Ashkelon' and 'Haql'.[3]
Cave dive sites:
This article about the geography of Saudi Arabia is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Carl Gustav Swensson (also spelled Svensson; 15 June 1861 – 13 April 1910) was a Swedish landscape architect.
Swensson was born in Jönköping and educated by his father, Anders Gustaf Svensson. In 1880 or 1881 he moved to Würzburg, Germany, where he worked until 1887 as an assistant of the city gardener Jöns Persson Lindahl. In 1887 he moved to Vienna, the capital of Austria. From 1891 he worked in Rüschlikon, Switzerland, and then again in Vienna. In today's Slovakia, in 1891, he implemented a project for a park around the Hungarian Wool Fabric, Military Clothing and Blankets Factory in Žilina (German: Ungarische Wollwaren, Militärtuch- und Deckenfabrik Actiengesellschaft in Sillein).[citation needed] After 1900, he was primarily designing the parks in the spa town Mariánské Lázně. Since 1906, he worked in the territory of the nowadays Slovenia for the family Pongratz. He designed the park around the Zora Villa in Bled and of Šenek Mansion in Polzela. He also designed the park of Maruševec Mansion in Varaždin.[1]
Swensson received numerous prizes for his work.[1] In 2000 a memorial plaque dedicated to him was unveiled in Bled.[2]In 2021 a park designed by Swensson in 1891, located in Žilina, Slovakia, was renamed after him. At the same time, a memorial was unveiled.[3]Gudrun Kalmbach (born 27 May 1937 in Großerlach) is a German mathematician and educator known for her contributions in the field of quantum logic and for the educational programmes she developed.
After teacher training in mathematics and chemistry, Kalmbach obtained a PhD at the University of Göttingen under the supervision of Hans Grauert on the topic of low-dimensional CW complexes in non-compact manifolds.[1]
From 1967 to 1969, Kalmbach taught at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. After this she held positions as assistant professor at the University of Massachusetts Amherst (1970–1971) and Pennsylvania State University (1969–1975). In 1975, she qualified as professor at the University of Ulm, becoming the first female professor in geometry (at the chair of number theory and probability theory).[2] She worked there until her retirement in 2002.
Kalmbach's research deals with manifolds, lattice theory and quantum structures.[3]
In addition to her research career, Kalmbach invented in 1985 the talent program in STEM subjects (called MINT in Germany).[4][5] Part of this is the yearly mathematics competition at the University of Ulm.[6] From this, pupils were selected to attend a mathematics summer school with teaching in computer science, chemistry, physics and where they were introduced to university mathematics.[7]
She was a founder of European Women in Mathematics,[8] and a member and chair of the Emmy Noether Verein which supports female mathematicians.[9]
Kalmbach now lives in Bad Wörishofen.[10]
Naomi Ryan (born 24 May 1977 in Bournemouth, England) is a British actress who has appeared in Dream Team as Ashleigh King, Mile High as Lehann Evans[1] and Coronation Street where she played Underworld factory worker Bobbi Lewis.

A campaign finance reform amendment refers to any proposed amendment to the United States Constitution to authorize greater restrictions on spending related to political speech, and to overturn Supreme Court rulings which have narrowed such laws under the First Amendment. Several amendments have been filed since Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission and the Occupy movement.
In response to the Occupy Wall Street protests and the worldwide occupy movement calling for U.S. campaign finance reform eliminating corporate influence in politics, among other reforms, Representative Ted Deutch introduced the "Outlawing Corporate Cash Undermining the Public Interest in our Elections and Democracy" (OCCUPIED) constitutional amendment on November 18, 2011.[1][2] The OCCUPIED amendment would outlaw the use of for-profit corporation money in U.S. election campaigns and give Congress and states the authority to create a public campaign finance system.[3] Unions and nonprofit organizations will still be able to contribute to campaigns.[4] On November 1, 2011, Senator Tom Udall also introduced a constitutional amendment in Congress to reform campaign finance which would allow Congress and state legislatures to establish public campaign finance.[5] Two other constitutional campaign finance reform amendments were introduced in Congress in November, 2011.[6] Similar amendments have been advanced by Dylan Ratigan,[7] Karl Auerbach,[8] Cenk Uygur through Wolf PAC,[9] and other political organizations, such as Move to Amend[10] and American Promise.[11][12][13]
Harvard law professor and Creative Commons board member Lawrence Lessig had called for a constitutional convention[14] in a September 24–25, 2011 conference co-chaired by the Tea Party Patriots' national coordinator,[15] in Lessig's October 5 book, Republic, Lost: How Money Corrupts Congress – and a Plan to Stop It,[16] and at the Occupy protest in Washington, D.C.[17] Reporter Dan Froomkin said the book offers a manifesto for the Occupy Wall Street protestors, focusing on the core problem of corruption in both political parties and their elections,[18] and Lessig provides credibility to the movement.[19] Lessig's initial constitutional amendment would allow legislatures to limit political contributions from non-citizens, including corporations, anonymous organizations, and foreign nationals, and he also supports public campaign financing and electoral college reform to establish the one person, one vote principle.[20] Lessig's web site convention.idea.informer.com allows anyone to propose and vote on constitutional amendments.[21] On October 15, the Occupy Wall Street Demands Working Group, published the 99 Percent Declaration[22] of demands, goals, and solutions, including a call to amend the U.S. Constitution to reform campaign finance.[23][24][25] Occupy movement protesters have joined the call for a constitutional amendment.[26][27][28][29]
While Citizens United is the Supreme Court case most cited by advocates for a campaign finance reform amendment, the underlying precedent for extending constitutional rights to corporations under the doctrine of corporate personhood is rooted in more than a century of Supreme Court decisions dating back to the 19th century. The debate of "corporate constitutional rights" can be parsed into the legal definitions of corporation and personhood, the latter term being controversial in regards to the philosophical debate over where human personhood begins and the legal debate over where legal personhood ends. Under US law, corporations are extended at least some legal rights and responsibilities as natural persons, such as the right to enter into contracts and to sue or be sued. However, the framers of the US Constitution had originally reserved constitutional protections for individual citizens and had not intended such protections to be inherent or inalienable for their organizations incorporated under law.
The first time the Supreme Court entertained the idea of corporations having constitutional rights was in 1886's Santa Clara County v. Southern Pacific Railroad Company, when Chief Justice Morrison Waite began oral arguments by stating, "The court does not wish to hear argument on the question whether the provision in the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution, which forbids a State to deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws, applies to these corporations. We are all of the opinion that it does."[30][31] While the Chief Justice Waite's statement in Santa Clara County was inserted in the headnote, which was not part of the Court's opinion and not considered precedent, the doctrine was clearly affirmed in subsequent cases in Pembina Consolidated Silver Mining Co. v. Pennsylvania (1888) and Minneapolis and Saint Louis Railway v. Beckwith (1889).[32][33]
In the 307 Fourteenth Amendment cases heard by the Supreme Court in the years following Santa Clara County, 288 cases involved corporations compared to 19 cases involving African Americans, its intended recipients.[34] The Court reaffirmed its Santa Clara County precedent in the landmark case Lochner v. New York (1905), which expanded corporate deregulation under the Fourteenth Amendment's Equal Protection and Due Process Clauses. A year later, the Court extended corporate personhood to include search and seizure protections under the Fourth Amendment in Hale v. Henkel (1906), from which dissenting Justice John Marshall Harlan stated, "to look into the books, records and papers of a corporation of its own creation, to ascertain whether that corporation has obeyed or is defying the law, will be greatly curtailed, if not destroyed." The Court later deemed in Pennsylvania Coal Co. v. Mahon (1922) that a regulation by state government is a form of takings and ruled that corporations are protected from "private lands being taken for public use without just compensation" and therefore entitled to compensation for lost profit under the Fifth Amendment. During this period known as the Lochner era, the Court cited the Fourteenth Amendment's Due Process Clause in halting over 200 regulations intended for corporations. Despite the Court's recognition of corporate personhood under the Fourteenth Amendment, the Equal Protection Clause would not be applied to women until the case Reed v. Reed (1971).[35][36][37][38]
In the case of Citizens United, the extension of corporate personhood to include free speech rights was premised on the First Amendment's Freedom of the Press Clause, which protects associations of individuals, including individual speakers. The Court ruled that Corporations (as associations of individuals) are entitled to free speech rights because the First Amendment does not allow prohibitions of speech based on the identity of the speaker. Furthermore, the Court extended its precedents set in Buckley v. Valeo (1976), which asserted corporate spending to political candidates and parties is the equivalent of free speech, and First National Bank of Boston v. Bellotti (1978), which established that non-media business corporations can give unrestricted money to "influence or affect" voter opinions in state political referendums.
[39][40]
The Saving American Democracy Amendment is a United States constitutional amendment proposed in December 2011 by Senators Mark Begich (D-Alaska) and Bernie Sanders (I-Vermont) "to expressly exclude for-profit corporations from the rights given to natural persons by the Constitution of the United States, prohibit corporate spending in all elections, and affirm the authority of Congress and the States to regulate corporations and to regulate and set limits on all election contributions and expenditures."[41] The Saving American Democracy Amendment was meant to overturn the 2010 United States Supreme Court decision Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, which stated that freedom of speech prohibited the government from restricting independent political expenditures by for-profit and nonprofit corporations.[42][43][44] This was the first constitutional amendment proposed by Sanders in his two decades in Congress.[45] The text of the amendment reads as follows:
Section 1. The rights protected by the Constitution of the United States are the rights of natural persons and do not extend to for-profit corporations, limited liability companies, or other private entities established for business purposes or to promote business interests under the laws of any state, the United States, or any foreign state.
Section 2. Such corporate and other private entities established under law are subject to regulation by the people through the legislative process so long as such regulations are consistent with the powers of Congress and the States and do not limit the freedom of the press.
Section 3. Such corporate and other private entities shall be prohibited from making contributions or expenditures in any election of any candidate for public office or the vote upon any ballot measure submitted to the people.
Section 4. Congress and the States shall have the power to regulate and set limits on all election contributions and expenditures, including a candidate's own spending, and to authorize the establishment of political committees to receive, spend, and publicly disclose the sources of those contributions and expenditures.[46]
The amendment was introduced in the Senate on December 8, 2011. It was read twice and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. The Saving American Democracy amendment proposed in the Senate was a companion bill to one proposed in the House by Representative Ted Deutch (D-Florida).[47] Deutch's amendment was referred to the House's Subcommittee on the Constitution. Both Sanders' Saving American Democracy Amendment and Deutch's amendment failed to pass.
The Democracy For All Amendment was introduced in multiple sessions of Congress beginning with the 113th.[48] It would grant Congress and the States the ability to limit the raising and spending of money in campaigns for public office. It would also grant Congress and the States the ability to distinguish between a natural person and an artificial entity, such as a corporation. The resolution was introduced in the Senate by Senator Tom Udall and in the House by Representative Ted Deutch during both congresses. During the 113th congress the resolution received 129 co-sponsors in the House (all Democrats), and 48 co-sponsors in the Senate (46 Democrats, 2 Independents). In the Senate the resolution was never voted on, and in the House it was sent to House Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice.[49]
In the 2015 (114th Congress) version the resolution received 162 co-sponsors (161 Democrats, 1 Republican) in the House, while in the Senate, the resolution received 42 co-sponsors (40 Democrats, 2 Independents). The resolution was sent to the House Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice, and Senate Committee on the Judiciary, but failed to pass either.[50][51][52][53][54]
The amendment was reintroduced in 2021 (in the 117th United States Congress) as House Joint Resolution 1 (H.J.Res. 1).[55][56]
The We The People Amendment is a joint resolution to amend the United States Constitution to abolish the doctrines of corporate personhood and of money equalling political speech. It was introduced by Representative Rick Nolan as H.J.Res. 29 on February 23, 2013, and was re-introduced as H.J.Res. 48 on April 29, 2015, H.J.Res. 48 on January 30, 2017. It was again introduced by Representative Pramila Jayapal as H.J.Res. 48 on February 22, 2019. The amendment was proposed in response to the implications presented in the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission (2010), a U.S. constitutional law case concerning the regulation of independent political expenditures by corporations, which the nonprofit organization Citizens United challenged on the grounds of purportedly violating the First Amendment's freedom of speech.
The We the People Amendment would establish that constitutional rights are reserved for natural persons only, that artificial entities — corporations, limited liability companies, and other incorporated entities established by the laws of any state, the United States, or any foreign state — have no rights under the Constitution and are subject to regulation through federal, state, or local law, and further establishes that privileges of such entities cannot be construed as inherent or inalienable. It would require federal, state, and local governments to regulate, limit, or prohibit political contributions or expenditures, including those made by a candidate, and would require any permissible political contributions and expenditures to be publicly disclosed. It would also prohibit the courts from construing the spending of money to influence elections as a form of protected speech under the First Amendment or from holding that the amendment would abridge the freedom of the press. The text of the amendment reads as follows:
Section 1. The rights protected by the Constitution of the United States are the rights of natural persons only. Artificial entities, such as corporations, limited liability companies, and other entities, established by the laws of any State, the United States, or any foreign state shall have no rights under this Constitution and are subject to regulation by the People, through Federal, State, or local law. The privileges of artificial entities shall be determined by the People, through Federal, State, or local law, and shall not be construed to be inherent or inalienable.
Section 2. Federal, State and local government shall regulate, limit, or prohibit contributions and expenditures, including a candidate's own contributions and expenditures, to ensure that all citizens, regardless of their economic status, have access to the political process, and that no person gains, as a result of that person's money, substantially more access or ability to influence in any way the election of any candidate for public office or any ballot measure. Federal, State, and local governments shall require that any permissible contributions and expenditures be publicly disclosed. The judiciary shall not construe the spending of money to influence elections to be speech under the First Amendment.
Section 3. Nothing contained in this amendment shall be construed to abridge the freedom of the press.
In the 113th Congress, the We the People Amendment received 3 co-sponsors from the Democratic Party. In the 114th Congress, it garnered 23 co-sponsors (22 Democrats, 1 Republican). In the 115th Congress, it had 66 co-sponsors (65 Democrats, 1 Republican). In the 116th Congress, it had 75 co-sponsors.[57] In the 117th Congress, it had 94 co-sponsors.[58]
As of July 2019, the joint resolution is in the House Subcommittee on the Constitution and Civil Justice under the House Committee on the Judiciary.[59]
On November 15, 2011, Representative James P. McGovern introduced the People's Rights Amendment, a proposal to limit the Constitution's protections only to the rights of natural persons, and not corporations. This amendment would overturn the United States Supreme Court decision in Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission.[60]
Organizations which advocate for an anti-corporate personhood amendment to the Constitution include Move to Amend, Wolf PAC, Mayday PAC, Free Speech For People and American Promise.[61]The Orillia Public Library is a single-branch public library in Orillia, Ontario, Canada.
Plans began for the establishment of a public library in 1864. A Mechanics' Institute and Literary Association was founded the same year, and it established library spaces in various community halls in downtown Orillia. In 1895, the Association changed its name to the Orillia Public Library. Library membership was fee-based, and before 1911 there were around 300 members.[1]
In March 1909, the Orillia Times newspaper began to publish debates and opinion pieces regarding applying for a Carnegie library grant. The grant would allow for the Orillia Public Library to build its own standalone library branch, rather than renting space in several locations downtown. Considerable controversy ensued regarding the acceptance of money from Andrew Carnegie, who was considered by some locals to be a strikebreaker (the 1892 Homestead strike had led to the deaths of several people). Other Orillians were concerned that, by accepting a grant from an American fund, Orillia would lose its Canadian character.[1]
After some debate, the Orillia Council, led by Mayor Crawford Goffatt, applied for a Carnegie grant of $10,000 in 1909.[2] They received a larger grant of $13,500 on 10 April 1909.[1]
The library opened to the public on 28 December 1911, and amended its membership system to be free to all (rather than fee-based).[1][2]
Local architect William Henry Croker was tasked with designing the building. He had designed several other buildings in Orillia, including the St. James Anglican Church, the Fire Hall on Peter Street, two schools, and the local YMCA.[3]
Croker's first design was rejected by Andrew Carnegie for being too large, and for containing a games room and smoking room (Carnegie required the libraries to be built for exclusively educational purposes). The drawings were amended and in May 1910 the library was approved to be built.[1][2]
The library was constructed by Joseph Langman for $11,710. A limestone brick building, it featured a lecture hall with 200 seats, reading areas, book shelving, and was located on the corner of the Orillia farmer's market (at the Mississauga St. and Andrew St. intersection).[1]
After 1911, the library building underwent several changes. In 1961, the building was expanded to include a new entrance and rear extension. In 1968 it was expanded again, and the library's original façade was covered. In 1980, a periodical room was added. This renovation also added wheelchair-accessible entrances, a covered entrance from the market parking lot, a circulation desk, and elevators.[1]
In January 1992, the roof of the library collapsed due to the weight of snow. The library was closed until May 1992 for repairs.[1]
After 1999, due to a lack of space in the library, discussions began to construct a new library building. The original library was demolished and in 2012 a new library building was opened on the same site.[4]
The new library building, which was significantly expanded to 47,000 square feet, includes improved archival storage, computer and programming rooms, a 24-hour book drop, and a dedicated information desk. The building is mainly constructed of glass, limestone, and terracotta, with natural lighting from skylights and large windows. It was designed as a "green library", with features meant to reduce energy expenditure and water use. Its windows are etched with designs meant to evoke leather book spines.[5]
In addition to physical book stacks, the Orillia Public Library offers a digital library for ebooks, audiobooks, films, television shows, and music. Its digital library also includes online resources for learning (including language and business courses) and research on local subjects.[6]
The library regularly schedules events and programming for children, teenagers, and families, including reading clubs, storytelling sessions, art and music programming, and yoga classes.[7]
Its services include technological help and computer classes, exam proctoring for students, computer and printing services, and interlibrary loans. The library also has 3D printers, vinyl cutters, sewing machines, button makers, VHS conversion machines, and other appliances that members may rent.[8]
The library offers services for new immigrants to Canada including ESL conversation circles and multicultural book clubs.[9] It also offers personalized genealogical and local history services.[10] The library also has an on-site coordinator to help locals navigate housing, mental health, and addiction recovery services.[11]
The library often hosts exhibitions on art or local history.[4]
44°36′29″N 79°25′15″W﻿ / ﻿44.6081°N 79.4209°W﻿ / 44.6081; -79.4209Inkaneep Provincial Park is a provincial park near Oliver, British Columbia, Canada, located just south of the town of Okanagan Falls.[2] The park contributes to the protection of critical riparian values on the Okanagan River.  The park is popular with naturalists, particularly bird-watchers. First Nations have identified the river and riparian area of the park as very important contributor to the long-term viability of the Okanagan River salmon run.
The park's current primary purpose is to protect riparian habitat along the Okanagan River. The park consists of 2 separate areas:[3]
Park users should use caution when hiking around this park; poison ivy is abundant in this area.
Inkaneep Provincial Park has important conservation values including: Lewis' woodpecker and sockeye salmon habitat,
and yellow breasted chat, three-awn grass, old growth black cottonwood and antelope brush, one of the four most endangered ecosystems in Canada.[4]

This British Columbia protected areas related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This Okanagan-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Thompson Berwick and Pratt and Partners is an architectural firm that was founded in 1908[1] as Sharp and Thompson. The firm played a substantial role in Vancouver and Canadian Architecture and began as a birthplace for several famous Canadian architects such as Barry Downs, Paul Merrick,[2] Arthur Erickson, and Ron Thom.
Early work was inspired by medieval and classical architecture which included residential, commercial, and institutional, especially several buildings on the University of British Columbia Campus.[3]
The firm became known for winning the 1913 international competition for the UBC Point Grey Campus master plan as well as becoming the university's official architecture firm.[4]
Robert A.D. Berwick and Charles Edward Pratt later joined the firm in 1937, which switched the firm's style to European modernism.
The firm helped several successful Canadian Architects, including Barry Downs, Paul Merrick, Arthur Erickson, and Ron Thom embark on their careers. It closed in 1990.Autoball (Portuguese: autobol) is a variant of association football where two or more drivers in cars compete against each other with the aim of scoring more goals than the opponent.
In 1933, autoball was founded by German racing driver Karl Kappler [de].[1][2] In the 1970s, autoball was popular in Brazil but was banned due to the 1973 oil crisis.[3][4][5]
German television host Stefan Raab founded television show TV total Autoball.[6][7]
Oscar's Orchestra is an animated series that ran from 1995 to 1996 comprising a total of three series and 39 episodes as a BBC competitor to ITV's Budgie the Little Helicopter. The series was produced by the popular British animation studio Tony Collingwood Productions Limited in association with Warner Music Vision and Europe Images, and was originally shown on the BBC as part of their children's block CBBC. It also aired on the British children's cable networks The Children's Channel (TCC) and Nickelodeon and has broadcast in over more than 100 different countries worldwide such as ARD in Germany, France 3 in France, ABC in Australia and syndication in the United States.
According to the first episode, The show is set in the distant future, "in the year 735 squillion, 22 million, 381 thousand, 6 hundred and 4... Tuesday" in a city called New Vienna, and is about a talking piano called Oscar, who rebels against the evil dictator of the world, Thaddeus Vent, who has banned music.[1] Oscar and his fellow musical instruments plot against Vent and his henchmen, Lucius and Tank, and his soothsayer, Goodtooth. Their mission is to overthrow Thadius, save the world and bring back music. The voice of Oscar was provided by Dudley Moore.[2]
Other members of the orchestra included Monty the violin, Trevor the tuba, Sylvia the flute and Eric the triangle. Based on an idea by Jan Younghusband, Oscar's Orchestra was designed to inspire children with the delights of classical music and incorporates famous orchestrated works from the great composers in each episode such as George Frideric Handel, Johann Sebastian Bach, Ludwig van Beethoven, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Frédéric Chopin.[3] The programme's opening music is Mikhail Glinka's Overture to Ruslan and Lyudmila. The episode titles continue the theme, for example 'Bach to the Future'.
Other characters in Oscar's Orchestra are the instruments that are part of Oscar's orchestra, who include Monty the Violin, Eric the Triangle, who is Oscar's best friend and a very avid talker (actually a Bermuda Triangle capable of creating a portal through space and time by touching his two ends together), Trevor the Tuba, Sylvia the Flute, who has a crush on Oscar, Louis the Oboe, who joined the Orchestra from France, and Jan and Stan the Cymbals.
Other instrument characters not in the orchestra include Ken the Keyboard (created by Tim Wall the winner of a Blue Peter competition, to design a new character), Hannah the Harp, Monty's American brother Murray the Violin, Viiola the Viola, Mañana the Guitar, a Spanish friend of Monty's who likes his siestas, the Spanish castanets, Captain Den the Pirate Drum and his two instrument pirate mates, who run a pirate radio station, Scheherazade the Violin from New Arabia, Chordelia the piano, a pink/purple grand piano who Oscar is implied to have a crush on, Chordelia's grandfather Claude, and Sammy the piano, a turquoise small grand piano who is younger than Oscar and Chordelia.
Other human characters include the townspeople of Old Vienna, who are on Oscar and his Orchestra's side, Thaddeus's nephew Tobias Vent, who seems to reciprocate Rebecca's feelings for him and joined the Orchestra's side during the episode Star Crossed, Thaddeus's Spanish Vice Dictator, Big Sam the boss of Chicago, Ali Babwa and his forty thieves, Rheena, who's an opera singer, Thadius's old piano teacher Kevin, who was one of the only people to treat Oscar as a friend when he was Vent's piano, Thaddeus's mother Thadweena, who is the former ruler of the world, and William Tell and his father William Tell.
Other characters in the show include Reg the bumblebee, Plutons (aliens on Pluto), an alien from Jupiter, Martians(aliens on Mars), mechonomen, or robots, created and programmed by Goodtooth for the purpose of destroying Oscar's Orchestra, giant tunnel rats and the Rat King, who allied with Thadius Vent in exchange for smelly cheese and live in the underground tunnels underneath Old Vienna, the Mountain King who lives in the mountain underneath Thadius Vent's castle, and the inhabitants of Count Jugula's castle.
Johann Sebastian Bach, Ludwig van Beethoven, and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart have all appeared in the show as humans in the past, when Oscar and his Orchestra go back in time via Eric.
Willie Durand Spies (born 22 February 1969) is a South African lawyer and politician from Gauteng. He represented the Freedom Front Plus (FF+) in the National Assembly from 2004 to 2009.
Spies resigned from Parliament in September 2009 to run his legal practice at the Pretoria-based firm Hurter Spies, founded in 2008. Hurter Spies has handled civil rights litigation for AfriForum since 2009, and Spies has therefore been a prominent figure in advocacy for the rights of Afrikaners and other minorities.
Spies was born on 22 February 1969[1] and holds law and business degrees from the University of Pretoria.[2]
In the 2004 general election, Spies was elected to a FF+ seat in the National Assembly.[3] He was one of the party's four representatives in the National Assembly and its sole representative in the Gauteng caucus.[1]
Spies attained public prominence as the party's spokesperson on labour, in which capacity he was a vocal critic of affirmative action in South Africa.[4][5][6] In 2006, Spies, on behalf of FF+, laid a complaint with the International Labour Organisation, arguing that, in Spies's words, elements of the governing African National Congress sought "to ensconce affirmative action as a permanent measure and through this enforce a new form of apartheid".[7] Spies was also the FF+'s spokesperson on minerals and energy, in which capacity he spearheaded the party's response to the Oilgate scandal.[8][9]
In August 2008, Spies attracted media attention after he drove some 15 kilometres along the N2 to the Houses of Parliament with a bleeding man holding on to the bonnet of his Mercedes Benz. The man had been beaten during a mugging.[10][11][12] Spies said that, in addition to feeling fear and concern for the man, he had worried that they would be seen by tourists, since, "It does not create a good picture of this country in the minds of those people."[13]
Weeks after he was elected to a second term in the National Assembly in April 2009, Spies announced that he would resign from legislative politics to return to full-time legal practice.[2] He vacated his seat on 1 September 2009 and was replaced by Anton Alberts.[14] He remained the leader of the FF+'s branch in Pretoria.[15]
On 1 April 2008, while a sitting MP, Spies and Pretoria lawyer Johan Hurter co-founded a law firm called Hurter Spies, based in Pretoria.[2] Through the firm, Spies led a successful application before the Constitutional Court that confirmed the right of overseas citizens to vote in general elections, beginning in 2009.[16][17]
In July 2009, shortly after Spies announced his upcoming resignation from Parliament, AfriForum announced that it had appointed him as its full-time legal counsel.[17] Hurter Spies would henceforth handle all of the group's civil rights litigation – which focused on minority rights, especially the rights and interests of Afrikaners – and would move its offices to AfriForum's headquarters in Pretoria. In his personal capacity, Spies would also act as a spokesperson for AfriForum.[18] In early March 2010, the FF+ said that Spies had resigned from the party in order to focus on his legal work for AfriForum. Beeld quoted Spies as saying that the party had "lost moral ground".[15]
Prominent cases handled by Spies and his firm included AfriForum's hate speech complaint against politician Julius Malema,[19] which resulted in a ruling that it was unconstitutional and unlawful to sing "Dubul' ibhunu", an anti-apartheid song whose lyrics mean "Shoot the Boer" (where "boer" refers roughly to any Afrikaans-speaking white person) in Nguni languages. Hurter Spies has also represented Solidarity and other non-governmental organisations.[2]
Spies remained a prominent figure at his alma mater, the University of Pretoria (also known as Tuks), where he was chairperson of the Tuks Alumni Board. In that capacity, he became involved in a row with the Higher Education Transformation Network (HETN), a majority-black national lobby group which argued that, under Spies, the alumni board constituted an obstacle to "transformation" due to the influence of AfriForum and the FF+.[20]
When Spies was elected to the Tuks Council, the university's governing body, in late 2012, HETN approached the North Gauteng High Court to have the election declared invalid and "disqualify" Spies as a council member.[21][22] Spies counter-sued for defamation in connection with remarks by HETN's executive director, Reginald Legoabe, who had said that Spies had formerly been active in various groups – the Afrikaner Studentewag and Conservative Party – whose "common goal [was] to resist the enrolment of all non-Afrikaans students and keep the University of Pretoria as an Afrikaans-only institution".[21]Saint Mary’s College of Catbalogan, formerly named Sacred Heart College,[2] is a private Catholic basic and higher education institution run by the RVM (Religious of the Virgin Mary) sisters in Catbalogan, Samar.[1][3] The school started as a parochial school in 1929. The students are called Marian students for the reason that they possess the Marian-Ignacian identity values of the Most Venerable Mother Ignacia Del Espiritu Santo.
St. Mary's College of Catbalogan is a member of the Catholic Educational Association of the Philippines (CEAP).
In 1929, the Bishop Singzon Institute was established in Catbalogan, Samar. It was a parochial school named in honor of Bishop Pablo Singzon of Calbiga, the first bishop of Samar and the diocese of Calbayog.
In July 1945, the late Msgr. Miguel Acebedo who was then the bishop of Calbayog, invited the RVM Sisters to take over the management of the institute. The RVM congregation sent two sisters namely Sister Ma. Sousa and Sister Ma. Josefina Contreras with the former being designated as the first superior of the RVM community in Catbalogan. The old convent of the parish of Catbalogan was reconstructed into a dual-purpose building, that of a school and quarters for the RVM sisters.
In July 1946, the name of the institute was changed to Sacred Heart Junior College and later in 1948 it was changed again to Sacred Heart College.
By 1950, the school received government recognition of its high school program and in 1992, it started to offer five undergraduate programs. SMCC currently provides Basic and Higher Education programs. College students can choose four-year courses in the areas of Business Administration, Teacher Education, and Computer Science. Senior High School students, on the other hand, can choose their strands from the Academic and the Technical-Vocational-Livelihood (TVL) tracks. Additionally, Saint Mary's College of Catbalogan has TESDA-accredited courses in Computer Hardware Servicing, Housekeeping, and Programming.[4]Chang–Du or Chang–Jing, sometimes called Nanchang or Nanchangese[1] (simplified Chinese: 南昌话; traditional Chinese: 南昌話; pinyin: Nánchānghuà) after its principal dialect, is one of the Gan Chinese languages. It is named after Nanchang and Duchang County, and is spoken in those areas as well as in Xinjian, Anyi, Yongxiu, De'an, Xingzi, Hukou, and bordering regions in Jiangxi and in Pingjiang County, Hunan.
The Nanchang dialect has 19 syllable onsets or initials (including the zero initial), 65 finals and 7 tones.[2]
In each cell below, the first line indicates IPA transcription, the second indicates pinyin.
The finals of the Nanchang dialect are:[3]
Like other Chinese varieties, tones in Gan make phonemic distinctions. There are five phonemic tones in Gan, which are reduced to two 'entering tones' before stop consonants. In the traditional classification, these are considered separately:
The 6th and 7th tones are the same as the 4th and 5th tones, except that the syllable ends in a stop consonant, /t/ or /k/.
A poem of Meng Haoran (“Men Hau-len” in Gan):

This Sino-Tibetan languages-related article is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Baitus Samee Mosque is a prominent Ahmadi Muslim mosque in Houston, in the U.S. state of Texas. It was developed in stages during 1998 to 2004; its doors opened in 2001 or 2002.
It was conceived in the 1980s by Mirza Tahir Ahmad, fourth caliph of the Ahmadiyya faith, as one of five large mosque construction projects to be built in major United States cities, along with ones in Los Angeles, Chicago, and Washington, D.C.[1]  It is a leading mosque of Ahmadiyya in the United States.
It is a 6,500 square feet (600 m2) mosque constructed for $1.5 million on a 5.5 acres (2.2 ha) site.  Dedicated in March 2004, it has capacity for 1,000 worshippers, and was the result of "nearly 20 years of work by 500 members from Pakistan, Bangladesh, India, Nigeria and other countries", of a group which previously met in a community center.[2]  The mosque was built in stages, with its foundation laid in 1998 and with the congregation moving in during 2001.[3]  Houston mayor Bill White "thanked the Ahmadis for their part in enriching the community" and proclaimed March 27, 2004 to be "Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Day".[3]
The mosque has been a leader in interfaith dialogue and salient in the news:
The mosque was visited by the current, fifth caliph of the world-wide Ahmadiyya community, Mirza Masroor Ahmad, in 2018.[12][13]  The caliph led prayers and delivered his Friday sermon.[14] It was one of only four stops in the United States by the khalifa, before he would continue on to Guatemala.  Guests were expected "from all over the Gulf Coast region and around the world" for the event, which was said to be comparable to a visit by the pope or the Dalai Lama.[15]
In 2019, the mosque was twice threatened online to be the site of a violent attack, with the sender citing the Christchurch mosque shootings in New Zealand in March 2019. This led to calls for increased security to be put into place in mosques across Texas.[16][17][18] The Harris County Sheriff's Office and the FBI were investigating.[19] This was three weeks after a man threatened to shoot up the mosque after he was asked to leave; the man was arrested.[19]William Alvin Howard (born 1926) is a proof theorist best known for his work demonstrating formal similarity between intuitionistic logic and the simply typed lambda calculus that has come to be known as the Curry–Howard correspondence.  He has also been active in the theory of proof-theoretic ordinals.  He earned his Ph.D. at the University of Chicago in 1956 for his dissertation "k-fold recursion and well-ordering".[1] He was a student of Saunders Mac Lane.
The Howard ordinal (also known as the Bachmann–Howard ordinal) was named after him.
He was the first to carry out an ordinal analysis of the intuitionistic theory 





I
D


1


i


(


O


)


{\displaystyle \mathbf {ID} _{1}^{i}({\mathcal {O}})}

 of inductive definitions.[2]p.27
He was elected to the 2018 class of fellows of the American Mathematical Society.[3]

This article about an American mathematician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The bluntnose darter (Etheostoma chlorosomum) is a species of freshwater ray-finned fish, a darter from the subfamily Etheostomatinae, part of the family Percidae, which also contains the perches, ruffes and pikeperches.[2] It is found in eastern North America where it is found in slower moving and still waters.
The bluntnose darter was first formally described by the American Oliver Perry Hay (1846–1930) with the type locality given as the Cullasaja River at Macon County, North Carolina.[3] The generic name Etheostoma derives from Greek etheo, "to strain", and stoma, "mouth". The specific name chlorosomum is Greek for "greenish-yellow".[4]
Bluntnose darters attain a size of up to 2 inches (5.1 cm).[5] the species has a diagnostic very round, blunt snout. Its color is light yellow or olive dorsally with either dark brown or black spots or uneven dense lines. The belly is white. The flanks bear W-shaped marks .[6] The area in front of the eyes consists of continuous black bars around the snout. This barring also slightly extends onto the upper lip. The dorsal and caudal fins have some pigment in light brown bands, while the other fins are clear. There is a single anal spine. The opercle, cheek, and prepectoral area are scaled, while the breast may be fully or partially scaled. Scales may be embedded. The belly is either fully scaled or scaled posteriorly and unscaled anteriorly.[5] Bluntnose darters have an incomplete lateral line.[6]
During breeding, males take on a darker or dusky breeding coloration, induced by melanophores unevenly distributed throughout the fins, and on the underside of the body.[6] Breeding tubercles develop on the pelvic and anal fins. Females develop a large, spatulate genital papillae.[5]
The species occurs in North America from the San Antonio Bay drainage in Texas east to Mississippi, Alabama and Indiana, and north to Minnesota. It was formerly present in the Lake Michigan drainage area.[1] In Louisiana, the bluntnose darter is one of the most widely distributed darters and is found in all river drainages, but it is absent in the southernmost estuarine environments.[7] The species is found in swamps, floodplain lakes, sloughs, and low-gradient creeks, often over substrates of mud, clay or detritus. It can be found in large rivers, where it most often occupies backwaters.[8]
In specimens found in Tennessee, the bluntnose darter's diet was made up of aquatic insects such as caddisfly larvae, dytiscid beetles, and midge larvae.[6]
The lifespan of the bluntnose darter is likely about three years. Spawning occurs at different times of year throughout the range; in Texas, a spawning period from early January to late March has been observed,[6] April in Kansas, and March and April in Louisiana.[5] Males court females in displays that include of posing while quivering with upright fins. The spawning site is chosen by the female. She usually selects algae, dead leaves, or a small twig. Males mount the females for fertilization, only fertilizing 1–3 eggs per attempt.[6] Larval development of the bluntnose darter has not yet been described.[5]
Northern England devolution is the broad term used to describe the wish for devolved governmental powers that would give more autonomy to the Northern Counties (those northern parts of England in the North–South divide in the United Kingdom).
Whilst definitions of the North vary, it is commonly defined as the border with Scotland in the north, to the Midlands, or near the River Trent, in the south. This is currently defined by three governmental statistical regions: North West England, Yorkshire and the Humber, and North East England.
Prior to the unification of England in the 10th century, Northern England had broadly constituted the Kingdom of Northumbria, deriving from the Old English Norþan-hymbre meaning "the people or province north of the Humber".[1]
One of the first bodies formed in modern times to address local autonomy issues and grievances was the "Council of the North" formed in 1988. This was in response to the North's concern with the taking over of York-based Rowntree by the Swiss firm, Nestlé. The original Council of the North had last met in the 17th century to deal with the chaos of the English Civil War. The council met, and while it was attended by noted businessmen and politicians, little came of it and the movement soon petered out.[2]
The more recent push for Scottish independence has had its effect on the North of England, with the 2004 North East England devolution referendum held in order to decide whether to establish a parliament for the North.[3] This has partly been spurred on by the feeling that London and the south are culturally different to the North,[2] with some commentary stating that the "real" English are seen as the South.[4][2] There are also concerns that if Scotland was to become independent, then economic factors associated with this would negatively affect the North, with industry/investment going to Scotland with possible tax breaks. Establishing a separate country or autonomous region is seen by some as a way to stop this.[3] Alternatively, a potential more successful focussed economic hub based around Scotland could benefit the North of England, as their population centre is closer to it than to London.[5] To some, the differences between London and Scotland are similar to the differences between London and the North of England.[5]
Economically, North Eastern Businesses have called for greater control over the region's financial affairs.[6] However, despite these sentiments, the 2004 referendum for more autonomy was convincingly rejected, with a voter turnout of 45%.[7][8] 2015 saw a petition for part of the North to secede and join Scotland gain 28,000 signatures.[9]
In 2014, the people within the North of England indicated in a survey by the BBC that there was a greater wish for devolution of some powers at least. The survey indicated that 85% of people in the North wanted control of policing, taxation and education handed over to the region.[10] There is also a perceived continuing widening of the North-South divide, which continues to highlight the issue to people living in the North.[11][12] Government policy relating to the COVID-19 pandemic also created tension between the North and the UK Government, which gave rise to some discussion of a separate region as a way of giving more say to the area.[13][11]
Various parties have been formed to test the issues in elections, including the North East Party in 2014[14] and the Northern Party in 2015.[15][16] The Yorkshire Party looks specifically at the issue of a devolved assembly for Yorkshire.[11][12]
Smaller movements exist in Liverpool and Doncaster.[17][18][19][20]
The sonoric landscape of spoken Scouse extends beyond contemporary political and geographic boundaries of the City of Liverpool and instead extends to Merseyside as a whole.[21][22] An estimated three-quarters of Liverpudlians have Irish ancestry[citation needed], causing some to identify more strongly as Scouse or Irish than English. In 1885, the historic constituency Liverpool Scotland elected an Irish Nationalist, T. P. O'Connor, as their MP, and 59% voted remain in the 2016 EU referendum.[23] #ScouseNotEnglish trended on Twitter following the result of the 2019 general election as Merseyside constituencies had some of the highest Labour vote shares in the country.[24][25] The phrase "Scouse not English" resonates strongly in Liverpool, reflecting a unique identity and heritage that has fuelled a growing debate on the possibility of the city achieving independence from the rest of England. This divisive discourse, influenced by historical sentiments and contemporary political differences, has gained traction on social media, prompting discussions on whether Liverpool should pursue autonomy through a referendum.[26]
"Liverpool has historically perceived itself as distinct from the rest of the country, sharing more similarities with Belfast and Glasgow than with London. With a significant Irish influx and its status as a port city, Liverpool has maintained international ties, looking towards America and Ireland rather than London."[27][28] The "Make Liverpool/Merseyside an independent state which remains in the EU" petition was submitted on 28 February 2017 during the 2015–2017 Conservative government. The petition aimed to advocate for the independence of Merseyside and its desire to remain in the European Union following the Brexit referendum, however, was rejected by the UK Government and Parliament.
Thirty years ago, amidst economic decline and political discontent, left-wing factions in Liverpool sought to break away from the UK, driven by opposition to Margaret Thatcher's policies. Fuelled by economic struggles—Liverpool lost 80,000 jobs between 1972 and 1982—the city's Labour council, led by the Militant Tendency, embarked on radical socialist initiatives. Despite a brief infusion of funds from the government, the council's request for continued support was denied, intensifying the city's sense of alienation. The episode, marked by political turbulence and anti-Militant sentiment, serves as a historical backdrop to contemporary discussions on regional autonomy within the UK.[29]
Beginning close to the time of the 2014 Scottish independence referendum, it became a topic of discussion across British news outlets that Doncaster has a claim to belonging to Scotland as opposed to England, by technicality. This originates from the 1136 and 1139 Treaties of Durham, in which David I of Scotland and his son Henry were granted the Lordship of Doncaster by Stephen of England to dissuade David from invading England. Historians observed that no known agreement in writing ever returned to Doncaster to England, unlike other territory offered from the north by Stephen, which is more commonly documented as being returned as a condition of the 1157 Treaty of Chester.[30][31][32] Despite Scotland remaining in the United Kingdom after the 2014 referendum did not win a majority vote, the claim popularised the idea of Doncaster joining Scotland in the future event of independence to the extent that on 8th October 2020, and again on 29th March 2022, petitions were submitted to the UK Parliament petitions website titled "Affirm that Doncaster is legally part of Scotland" and "Honour Scotland's claim on Doncaster by giving them power over Doncaster". In response to both on their respective webpages, Parliament confirmed that in the event of another Scottish independence referendum, the UK Government would allow Doncaster a local referendum on leaving the United Kingdom to join the new independent Scotland as an exclave if it was demanded by petition first, provided that an independent Scotland consented to taking the city's territory on top of a majority "Yes" vote. It was only not specified whether this would be applied to Doncaster itself, or all of the wider Metropolitan Borough of Doncaster, covering separate towns such as Dunscroft/Hatfield and Mexborough. Just eight months after the second petition was submitted, the borough acquired city status.
In 2020 a new party, the Northern Independence Party (NIP) was formed on making the North of England independent of the South, much like the SNP seeks an independent Scotland.[33] The NIP was formed in order to contest the 2024 general election,[34] its goal being to establish an independent country in the North of England, based on historic Northumbria.[35] While the NIP have nominated York as a proposed capital of an independent Northern England,[36][37] Manchester and Liverpool have also been raised as options.[11]
As well as devolution to the North of England as a whole, there have also been proposals for devolution to regions within the North.[38][39]
Due both to its size and regional identity, there has existed a Yorkshire Devolution movement, promoting a regionalist form of government for Yorkshire. In 2014, the Yorkshire First Party, later rebranded as the Yorkshire Party, was founded. In recent years, some devolved institutions have been set up in parts of Yorkshire, but none exist across the whole region.
Currently South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and North Yorkshire[40] have devolved Combined Authorities, with the Sheffield City Region and West Yorkshire Combined Authorities set up in 2014, as well as the Tees Valley Combined Authority covering parts of North Yorkshire. There has also been a campaign for a single "One Yorkshire" Combined Authority and elected Mayor, covering the entirety of Yorkshire.[41] This was supported eighteen of the twenty two Yorkshire local authorities, as well as Dan Jarvis, Mayor of the Sheffield City Region;[42] Sheffield and Rotherham councils preferred the South Yorkshire alternative, whilst several North Yorkshire councils were already part of the Tees Valley Combined Authority. A proposal was submitted to the government in March 2018,[43] but was rejected by the government in February 2019.[44] Subsequent to the rejection of the One Yorkshire Combined Authority,[42] despite support continuing for it, new proposals have been made for an East Yorkshire and Combined Authority.
North East England was offered a referendum on devolution in 2004, however, voters rejected the proposal by a margin of 77.9% to 22.1%, on a turnout of 48%.
More recently, the issue of North East devolution has resurfaced with the establishment of the North East Party in 2014. The party, which is commonly viewed as a sister party of the Yorkshire party, campaigns for a devolved regional government in the North East with powers comparable to those of the nations of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland and has gained four elected councillors on Durham County Council.[45]"Let's Get It" is a song performed by American rappers P. Diddy, G. Dep and Black Rob. It was released on April 3, 2001,[1] through Bad Boy Entertainment as the first single from P. Diddy & The Bad Boy Family's The Saga Continues... and G. Dep's Child of the Ghetto. Produced by Yogi "Sugar Bear" Graham with additional production by Mario "Yellow Man" Winans, the song contains samples from Al Green's "Love and Happiness". On the August 12, 2022 edition of The Breakfast Club, 50 Cent revealed that he ghostwritten the chorus and P. Diddy’s verses on the song.
The single reached number 80 on the Billboard Hot 100, number 74 on the Radio Songs, number 18 on both Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay. It was also number 26 on the Mainstream R&B/Hip-Hop Airplay, number 5 on the Hot Rap Songs, number 10 on the Rap Airplay, and number 21 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles Sales in the United States.
The remix of the song featured Mark Curry, Kain and Loon was released as a hidden track in G. Dep's Child of the Ghetto. Music video was directed by Director X.Alain Marc (born 29 January 1957) is a member of the French Senate, who represents the department of Aveyron.[1][2]
He was elected to the Senate on 28 September 2014.[1] Marc served in the National Assembly of France from 2007 to 2014,[3] representing the third constituency of the Aveyron department,[2]  as a member of the Radical Party.

This article about a Union for a Popular Movement (France) politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
This article about a Union of Democrats and Independents politician is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.